Still, we have controlled the price of petrol and diesel.
The Prime Minister praised the group for this mission.
Kochi is the number one destination for international and domestic tourists in Kerala.
We're all experiencing how something can go on very easily.
My dear countrymen, hello.
We all celebrated Diwali with great enthusiasm.
Currently, the scope of insurance coverage in most countries of the region is limited to the middle and high middle income groups.
India is the world's largest milk producer today.
Sores was an architect who established political relations between Portugal and India.
Our Joint Declaration on Maritime Cooperation sets out our commitment and policy scope in this area.
This will help to increase bilateral trade and investment.
Sister Nivedita Ji also assisted the great scientist Jagdishchandra Basu.
The Prime Minister said that we salute the courage of those who died in the brutal attack on our Parliament on this day in 2001.
They need political stability and a supportive regulatory framework to ensure their investment is protected.
More than 40 countries have sent their officers.
This Bhagirath is a wonderful example of cleanliness, beauty, cohesion and consistency.
Under the leadership of President Hassan Rouhani, Iran will continuously achieve new goals.
The goal is to provide internet connectivity to the last mile of BharatNet.
When it comes to regional cooperation between countries that agree, the sky is no limit, South Asia satellite tells us.
During the discussion, Prime Minister Modi briefed on India's policies on climate change and sustainable environment.
The two leaders also agreed that as two emerging economies and two major countries, India and China should come together in the context of their extensive developmental experience and national capabilities to propose sustainable and innovative solutions to address the challenges facing humanity in the 21st century.
The Prime Minister said that during this visit, I look forward to engaging with the Indian community in Portugal.
- Regulation and exchange of information on medicines, medical devices and supplies.
I was reading an old interview with the great Indian military officer Sam Maniksha.
Moving with many cultures is one of the ways that India is different from other countries.
The love, faith and compassion expressed towards Atal Ji from all over the country showed his great personality.
Today, the whole country is celebrating the birth anniversary along with Independence Day.
In 1817, the Pakai led an armed uprising against the British Empire, known as the Great Rebellion in history.
I am particularly pleased to attend this meeting of the World Leaders and Veterans of Food Processing.
The country is not short of talented athletes.
He was an inspiration to activists like me.
India and Russia expressed their resolve to cooperate in achieving these objectives.
The potential for rapid growth has brought a huge responsibility to India's energy sector.
The Prime Minister said that a person who believes that a visit to a place will end three days early and a career as Chief Minister will last long because he has not visited a place has no right to remain in the post.
I congratulate the individuals and organizations who are working to build more toilets in different parts of India.
The 182 metre high statue will be inaugurated at Kevdiya in Narmada district of Gujarat to mark the birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel.
He also said that the statue will bring a large number of tourists to the department.
Today, Japan is the fourth largest source of FDI in India.
This will give them the opportunity to hear the farmers directly.
My dear countrymen, in our country, a flower called Nilkurinj blooms once every 12 years.
A New India is emerging.
Unveiling the expansion of the Health Deshwal system in Bihar, he said, This is a historic day for Bihar in terms of health infrastructure.
- Short-term training of healthcare personnel.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its provisional approval to the MoU on cooperation in urban planning and development between India and Singapore.
He said that such a cooperation movement is in line with the nature of Indian society.
He said that for India, this is not just industrial transformation but social transformation.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government has built 5 crore toilets in the last three years.
He will address farmers, scientists, entrepreneurs, students, MPs, officials.
I am delighted to have the opportunity to strengthen our relationship with the Bank and its members.
The Prime Minister expressed satisfaction that the Anganwadi workers from all over the country had gathered to meet him today.
In Gujarat, Ahmedabad, about 55,000 people have set a new world record for simultaneous yoga.
I congratulate Bilal Dar very much.
We are also encouraging and facilitating the business and industry of both countries to increase the quality and scale of bilateral trade.
This is a natural platform for regional cooperation.
The Prime Minister also met with representatives of the SILON Workers Congress and the Tamil Progressive Front.
The Government has taken several steps to encourage investment.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will attend the event in Pusa, New Delhi tomorrow (11 October 2017) to mark the birth centenary of Nanaji Deshmukh.
He underlined the importance of cleanliness of the Ganges.
Their work to combat natural disasters and help the countrymen is amazing.
Breaking up a small wandering community in remote areas on the Nilgiri Plateau in South India, their traditional habitations are made of locally available materials.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday reviewed the progress of key infrastructure sectors including Pradhan Mantri Gram Sathya Yojana, Housing, Coal and Energy.
Indian youth have established themselves in this field by taking the future and thinking outside the box.
The UN staff, the world's first successful diplomat, was included.
We lend to small businesses without any savings.
He urged the children to pay attention to the fact that their praise and fame should not be a barrier to their future progress.
The announcement of Jai Jan, Jai Kisan is the identity of this great personality.
Although India did not win the trophy, the Indian players won the hearts of all.
There will be more serious challenges in the coming days.
His birthplace is Patna, his birthplace is Karmbhumi North India and his life is finally in Nanded.
These projects are being implemented in Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh, Odisha, Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
The two sides expressed their appreciation for the long-standing cooperation between Indian and Russian scientists in Antarctica.
The award will be given for outstanding efforts of those who work in national integration.
The gallery is 153 meters high and can accommodate 200 guests at a time.
I pray that your efforts will be successful.
The Prime Minister said that water is the sacred gift of nature.
The Prime Minister said that he appreciates the contribution of young Indian Sardar Patel and his contribution to nation building.
It is especially essential to ensure freedom, peace and justice for the exploited and disadvantaged.
The two leaders stressed the importance of enhancing security and defence cooperation between the two countries as strategic partners and maritime neighbourhood.
Prime Minister of Mauritius, Pravind Jugnauth, will be the chief guest of the Pradavi Conference.
This time, celebrating Diwali with security forces in the Gurj sector of Jammu and Kashmir has been unforgettable for me.
130 crore Indians will respond to every attack of this kind.
He said that if Africa becomes strong, it will naturally benefit India.
This movement will not be limited to literacy.
Friends, I and the Government believe that the scope of consumer protection is very wide.
I hope that the industry will be in constant contact with them.
Our goal is to be more crop, more drop.
Our brave martyrs have sacrificed their lives.
The Prime Minister said that both the intellectual and emotional indexes are important in the life of students.
Regular practice of yoga affects the regular medical expenses of a family and reduces these expenses.
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan to become a member of the International Solar Alliance.
Today I have the opportunity to launch a new Chartered Accountancy Course Curriculum.
Positive changes in our country have always been welcomed.
With this launch, we have embarked on a journey to create a very advanced boundary of our partnership.
The establishment of a Joint Action Group to combat terrorism by India and Morocco will provide assistance in cases related to terrorism.
Regional multi-stakeholderism through institutions like AIIB can play a central role in helping to increase resources.
She was a woman who could live a comfortable life, but she was connected to the service of the poor.
I wish all the team of the Environmental Protection Organisation and Chandrapur people my best.
I was informed that Rs 1.20 crore has been given to Panikkar Foundation in the last two years.
But even today, more than a billion people around the world do not have access to electricity.
The country needs to create an expert arbitration bar association.
Today, India is on the path of many important changes.
The Prime Minister said that we show the importance of making change based on the concept of "I" to "we" when we strive for ourselves and think about society.
For the first time this year, we will see the implementation of all three services, Indra 2017.
The Prime Minister mentioned the anger, grief, and pain that has been stirring in the country since the terrorist attack in Pulwama.
The Prime Minister said that every rupee and every resource of the Government of India is dedicated to the welfare of Indians.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its provisional approval to the MoU for the Peaceful Uses of Space between India and Afghanistan.
He was committed to eliminating inequality and injustice in society.
197 million accounts were opened in a year.
Dr Ram Manohar Lohia urged our farmers to raise awareness to ensure better yields, better irrigation facilities and livelihoods, as well as increase food and milk production.
In 2016, a special leprosy diagnosis, special campaign was launched.
The freedom struggle is more connected to our emotions.
He urged them to share their unique experiences in words.
The Prime Minister said, "I share the condolences of the families of those who lost their lives in the tragedy caused by the collapse of the cartons of the Jagdalpur-Bhuvaneshwar Express train.
It is transforming the lives of the poorest of the poor, the poorest of the poor, by transforming them, by making them empowered, empowered, powerful.
In India, we are improving the communication system at all levels.
He also highlighted the various benefits of health and tourism.
Our bilateral trade is more than 10 billion dollars.
People informed him about the disaster caused by the cyclone, the difficulties that were coming.
In 2016, we recorded one of the highest growth rates in the eurozone.
I wish all the students who pass the examination, their parents and all the teachers, my best wishes.
After this event, he will travel to Anjar.
The 10 per cent reservation for economically vulnerable open class is a step in the right direction.
I congratulate the millions of people who have benefited from this scheme, especially the poor.
The capacity of the National Consumer Helpline has been quadrupled.
As part of this network, various universities can focus on multidisciplinary research on disaster issues most relevant to them.
In his speech, Modi mentioned the recent reforms in India.
Under the Integrated Development Scheme of Horticulture and Fruit Farming, farmers will be assisted in rebuilding the oldly destroyed orchards.
He said that it is necessary to combine sufficient capital, courage and people to excel in the startup sector.
The decision is to enable doctors from Union Health Services and other Ministries/Departments/Institutions of the Union Government to specialize in their field of medical service after reaching the age of 62.
Over the three years of this Government, over 22,000 MW of renewable energy capacity has been connected to the grid.
In June this year, we relaxed our FDI approach.
Gujarat Chief Minister Vijay Rupani,
The Prime Minister assured that the Government is committed to the welfare of senior citizens.
The Prime Minister appreciated the close bilateral cooperation in the areas of investment, civic development, skills development, air transport.
Social work should be a matter of pride and pride for everyone.
Today, foreign investors are making record investments in India.
This visit marks a decade-long strategic partnership between the two countries.
I experienced his wonderful hospitality during the BRICS Summit in South Africa last year.
A new terminal for commercial operations under the Udan Yojana has been built at the airport.
There will also be a meeting of the Prime Minister.
It is also known that this stressful mental state is diagnosed at a very young age.
For a lasting and sustainable solution to these problems, the whole world is looking to India and to the practice of yoga.
The results of the Budget Session.
The country that has these qualities will not only make progress in the fields of economy, science and technology but also in sports.
The Agreement provides a platform for Indian Railways to exchange information on new developments and knowledge in the rail sector.
They want assurance that the laws here will not be changed overnight.
This is the fourth time that the Prime Minister has interacted with various beneficiaries of Government schemes through video bridge.
The Prime Minister also presented certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
He said that schemes like मुद्रा Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana and Stand Up India are helping financial inclusion.
He expressed confidence that everyone will work together to complete this project as soon as possible.
Reviewing the coal sector, the Prime Minister called for renewed efforts towards underground mining and coal gasification through up-to-date technology.
I can see in front of me that a large number of children are also present.
I am with his family, friends and supporters in this sad time.
He urged the non-resident Indian community to encourage at least five foreign families to visit India every year.
The press council of India's Golden Jubilee was also held.
In the next two months, we will all be engaged in the election hustle.
The people of our two countries have a very conscious and ever-growing relationship with each other.
The Prime Minister praised the scientific skills of the schoolchildren and encouraged them to do the same.
India has won its independence by having such a great warrior as him.
These include Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, Amrit Yojana and Smart City Mission.
He will address the students at the Centennial Ceremony of Patna University.
As a developing country, we all face the same challenges.
The Prime Minister appreciated the cultural importance of Jallikattu but said that the case is currently being brought to justice.
He said that the development of villages is crucial for the overall economic development of the state.
Today, India is the world's number one choice for investments in food processing industry.
Today, as I am talking to you, the holy month of Ramadan has begun.
He said that this constructive environment should be used to rapidly transform towards the creation of a New India.
This has liberated rural women from smoking.
Whether it is relief and rescue work or disaster management, the nation is grateful for the admirable performance of these brave Air Force personnel.
Sardar Patel dedicated his entire life to unite India.
So, a healthy mind is the most effective remedy for memory.
You can go ahead with this mantra.
The successful testing of Agni V is a matter of pride for all Indians.
The Prime Minister said that he was happy that he fulfilled his promise to give veterans a one-time pension.
The MoU was signed between 17 Indian Small Industries Corporation and the Russian SME Corporation.
It is a beautiful feature of India that spirituality and science are mutually supportive in our culture.
When India was not independent, our traditions like Yoga and Ayurveda were understated.
We know how many administrative and financial steps the government has taken to build the highways.
Space technology will be useful in the lives of the people of our region.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has congratulated the people of Jharkhand on their Statehood Day.
Not only that, we are the world's sixth largest producer of renewable energy.
Diversity is celebrating, not contradicting.
It will promote the promotion and dissemination of Indian Traditional Medicine in Colombia.
Who doesn 't know about Bangladesh's 1971 war of independence?
Yet, even today, knowledge is our best guide.
We are approving loans of up to Rs 1 crore in 59 minutes.
India is moving towards an air-based economy.
Develop relationships with the people around Avati and serve the nation with them.
The situation is being closely monitored.
Share your strength with the strength of India.
I will also address a public meeting in Nagpur.
First of all, I congratulate NITI Aayog on leading this global conference.
The purpose of the Agreement is to promote innovation, creativity and economic growth in both countries.
Whatever business, customer satisfaction should be the goal.
Cooperation for Human Resource Development and Health Facility
The Prime Ministers of both countries expressed their commitment to further strengthen the time-tested special relationship between India and Mauritius.
When hockey is discussed in the world, the story of hockey will be incomplete without these great players of India.
I am particularly pleased to have the opportunity to lead the Indian Delegation to the first ever meeting of the Organization since I became a permanent member.
And that is why, brothers and sisters, we cannot forget these great people who are an integral part of our country's history.
We stand with Portugal in this sad moment with its full support.
He said that if more days are needed, the provision of extending days can be made on request of the States.
Public sector enterprises have contributed significantly to nation-building and the country's economy since the post-independence period.
He said it was a privilege to have the opportunity to do social work among the tribes in our youth.
The Union Government will immediately send Rs 325 crore of financial assistance to meet the needs of Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Lakshadweep.
This will facilitate the movement of railway trains and will also contribute to the overall development of Bundelkhand.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has expressed his condolences for the loss of life caused by the cyclone in Tamil Nadu.
The world is committed to climate change action based on COP21.
He said that the greatest challenge for these medal winners is to start anew and strive to achieve their Olympic goal.
Investors want growth and gross economic stability.
The countries most affected by the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami have introduced new laws on disaster risk management.
Bhim is the "India Interface for Money".
The growth of aviation sector will increase demand for aviation fuel by fourfold by 2040.
This will be a love loss from Japan to Rudhraksh Varanasi.
This is the largest underground storage facility in the country.
Our parents still focus on study.
He has successfully covered all aspects of Hinduism in just 11 continents.
On the occasion of the holy month of Ramadan, I wish the people of India and the world, especially the Muslim community, the best of luck in this holy month.
Think about it, if everyone in a state is going to give such good information, I would tell the government to look into the information and to create a propaganda material about the seven similar things that came from each state.
Modi also announced an immediate additional Rs 500 crore in aid under the SDRF.
Modi emphasized the privatization of the gas distribution sector through partners.
Jan-Dhan Yojana is a historic step in bringing the poor and marginalized into the mainstream of the country's financial system.
I have been saying that this is the 21st century of Asia.
It is a pleasure to visit this great country again.
As we implement the Sendai Framework, let us welcome new opportunities for regional and international cooperation.
A portal for coordination and monitoring of development work at district level will also be launched.
The two leaders expressed their view that peaceful, stable and balanced relations between India and China will be a positive factor in stability in the current global volatility.
In the fourth quarter of 2017, our growth rate was 7.7 percent.
They agreed to work towards building a broad foundation through established frameworks for future relations.
The Prime Minister said that various Government schemes like Swachh Bharat have boosted tourism in the country.
He was affectionate and respected in all sections of society.
He said that hard work can overcome all obstacles and very difficult goals can be achieved.
I am happy to know that the people of Tripura are celebrating the birth anniversary of Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore Debarama Manikya Bahadur with great enthusiasm.
President Vidodo thanked the Prime Minister for his sympathy and cooperation.
Kochi Metro Rail Limited is a joint venture of the Government of India and the Government of Kerala.
The exam should be a really happy time.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of the Sulvade-Jamfhla-Konoli Upsa Irrigation Scheme.
He also mentioned the changes in the lives of the common man through Jan Dhan Yojana, MUDRA Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Crop Insurance Yojana and Saubhagya Yojana.
The Prime Minister announced that Rs. 2 lakh will be given to the legacy of every person who died due to floods and Rs. 50,000 will be given to the seriously injured from the PM Aids Fund.
The Prime Minister said that these two measures have benefited not only the poor but also the middle class.
Both sides agreed that this trend is threatening peace, stability and progress in the Asian region.
We do not want to spend 10 years just discussing and exchanging ideas without making any concrete decisions.
He urged all attendees to work towards achieving the goal of 100 per cent cleanliness by 2 October 2019 on the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
It contributes to our energy security.
The Prime Minister said that the relations between India and Israel stand as pillars of tradition, culture, trust and friendship.
From Kanyakumari to Kashmir and from Kutch to Kamrup, from Amreli to Arunachal Pradesh, all exams are held in these three to four months.
Yesterday, today and tomorrow will be a beautiful blend that will give yoga a new dimension.
The aim is to create a minimum walking community and bring public transportation to passengers.
He said that these initiatives have led India to jump 42 places in the Ease of Doing Business ranking in the last four years.
This is an international conference being held in California, USA.
We are all aware of the positive role of the United Nations in the efforts to establish peace throughout the world.
Under this campaign, each family will get up to Rs 5 lakh in insurance coverage per year and medical facilities in hospitals.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister called on the award-winning teachers to foster interaction among the communities and make them an integral part of school development.
It's a good start.
Just two days ago, I wrote a letter to governments, to all leaders around the world.
We have agreed that there is an urgent need for all countries to take decisive action against the nations that feed terrorism in our region, support it and provide it with shelter.
The entire world knows the importance of supply chain in the armed forces.
Our United Payment Interface System or UPI, Bhim App and RuPay Card has shown the true potential of the digital economy in India.
The Prime Minister said, "Central Industrial Security Force on the occasion of the Foundation Day!
I congratulate the Union Ministry of Urban Development, led by Venkaiah Naidu, for the development of the framework of the Value Capture Finance Policy.
We salute them for their courage and invaluable service to the Indian Army.
Chartered accountants can start a new career in this field.
The meeting also highlighted the recent investments made by India in the diamond industry in the Far East of Russia.
He expressed confidence that strong India-US partnership is essential for global peace and prosperity.
The exhibition will present a picture of future space travel.
He said that this is an event to honour the Sarpanch who have made significant contributions to the Swachh Bharat movement.
Speaking about Pranab Mukherjee, the Prime Minister said that Pranavada is the best diplomat of our time.
From the sea to the mountains, people greeted the sun's rays in the morning and morning through yoga.
I congratulate Asaram on this achievement.
In the digital sector, 2,187 mobile towers have been installed in Maoist-dominated districts in 2016-17.
He expressed hope that IIT Bhubaneswar will open the way to industrial development of Odisha and improve the quality of life of people through technology.
The reform of the Arbitration Law has now accelerated the process of arbitration.
Speaking about the Citizenship Bill, he urged that no rumours about the Bill should be believed.
It is estimated that the tunnel will save fuel worth Rs 27 lakh per day.
In this regard, he met the Indian High Commissioner to Sri Lanka this morning.
The Prime Minister will also press the button to lay the groundwork for the road being constructed under the Union Road Fund.
I was surprised to learn that no Indian Prime Minister has ever visited Portugal bilaterally.
We agreed to maintain the momentum of our relations in key sectors including energy and investment.
Generally, these temples are built in spacious courtyards and away from residential areas.
The Prime Minister assured that the Government will provide the necessary assistance and facilities for this.
He urged the Secretary to set up a mechanism to meet global expectations.
We have adopted widely accepted standards and criteria for assessing the risks associated with disasters such as earthquakes.
On this holy festival of spring panchami, I wish all my countrymen the best.
He said that other countries of the world want to move alongside India on the path of peace and stability.
Through Umang App, over 100 public services have been made available to citizens through their mobile phones.
The Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking the initiative for the progress of the Swachh Bharat Mission.
One million of them are in the diamond industry alone.
This holy month of Ramadan will certainly help to advance this path of peace, unity and harmony.
Praising the Bohra community, Prime Minister Modi said that I am very fortunate to have the affection of the Bohra community.
To make a healthy life, the first requirement is hygiene.
We look forward to maintaining uninterrupted relations with our development partners including AIIB.
We are confident that this strong partnership will increase the flow of trade and investment between the two countries.
To this end, we are strengthening our overall administrative ecosystem.
Railways, roads, electricity are our priority areas.
Not only in the battlefields, but also in the defense industry, decisions are taken through strategy to set up factories.
We also discussed global and regional issues of mutual interest.
Congratulations to Tejaswini Sawant for winning the gold medal in the women's 50m rifle event.
The world has seen price fluctuations for a long time.
The Prime Minister also discussed bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest with the delegation.
He said that we are told that the Indian Sufi saint Baba Narak came to Jerusalem in the 13th century and meditated in the cave there.
If we practice the breathing styles and yoga as a regular practice in yoga, we can not only benefit from good health but also protect ourselves from many diseases.
Several Union Ministers related to Economic Affairs were present at the meeting.
Sister Nivedita and scientist Jagdishchandra Basu are a great example.
Without agents, many things are cheap.
Your contribution is appreciated in Sri Lanka and beyond.
In this regard, he mentioned the issues of doubling farmers' incomes, development of ambitious districts, Ayushman Bharat, Indra Dhanush Mission, Pushana Mission and preparation for the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
He directed the construction of roads in rural areas and their quality to be closely monitored.
The oldest.
He has shown through his experience that when there are goals, resolutions, and the will to achieve them, they can be achieved.
To this end, the two leaders agreed to further strengthen the close development partnership that would be beneficial and sustainable for both countries, as well as pursue the pursuit of national modernity and greater prosperity for the people of both countries.
Everyone says that, but don't we have any responsibility?
The Cabinet has approved the MoU on Mutual Cooperation between SEBI and the European Securities and Markets Authority.
We people very easily, naturally say, "Unity in diversity is India's characteristic".
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in the implementation of the plans to set up new medical colleges affiliated to the district hospitals.
When Rajini expressed her desire to learn martial arts, her father gathered all the tools and encouraged her.
If the rate of inflation had continued to rise as it did during the last government, the economy of the common man's kitchen would have collapsed.
The Prime Minister appreciated Secretary Carter's contribution to strengthening defence cooperation between India and the United States.
The mindset of what I am is changing.
Our athletes have made a name for themselves in various fields.
People have also started to give Khadi items to each other as they visit.
India and Japan are ancient cultures and living democracies.
I am confident that the discussions and decisions we have made today will give a new dimension to our partnership.
- Purchasing of medical equipment and medicines.
The growth of healthcare facilities will create a large number of jobs.
Toilet building has now become a movement for social, economic empowerment and women empowerment.
Stability and transparency in regulation clarify the way of doing business in India.
The different taxes levied in each state have made goods and services very expensive.
His gentle personality is always a source of pride for every citizen.
Prime Minister will unveil the package of food supplies to three billion children of Akshay Ghatra Foundation at Vrindavan Chandrodhya Temple.
We are also working together on reforms to the UN Security Council.
First, all sectors under development should follow all the rules regarding disaster risk management.
He believed in the power of knowledge.
The two leaders agreed on their approach to achieving global security and prosperity.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:
Road connectivity in rural areas has been completed by 90 per cent.
The Prime Minister said that Bangladesh Bhavan is a symbol of cultural bond between India and Bangladesh.
Law and Justice Agreement on Civil and Commercial matters.
It will be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birthday in 2019.
The project of the Varanasi Convention Centre is a symbol of cultural cooperation between the city of Kyoto and Varanasi, Japan.
The main features of this tunnel.
The work started three years ago and the first phase has been completed.
A framework for cooperation is also needed to provide rapid response in cases involving customers in other countries.
The Prime Minister asked with enthusiasm about the Prime Minister of Malaysia, Dr Mahathir Mohamad.
A family that has been constantly depressing its own child and is expecting that child to have a good reputation in the area, that is not possible.
The event will be held tomorrow afternoon at Tirha Ring Road, Hardua, Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh.
Reading enlarges the human brain.
It is a great opportunity for sports lovers to watch exciting matches.
In a few hours, we will all welcome the new year 2017.
Of course, India is also committed to achieving sustainable and green development.
The Japan Plus system has also helped in the cooperation process.
India's development needs are enormous.
Not only as a means of exploitation, but also as a means of respecting nature.
Apart from agriculture, he also earns income by selling energy from solar farms.
The award is given on behalf of the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) affiliated to the United Nations.
I also thanked all the parties that day.
Manrega funds are also used for this water conservation work.
With some of these reforms, our economy is on a fast track to growth.
This visit of President Thamer will be crucial to achieve this goal.
The Prime Minister said that Indians should share their high traditions with the world with great pride and confidence.
His significant contribution to the struggle for freedom will be remembered in our hearts.
The Prime Minister said, "Welcome to all of you on National Voter Day.
When the project is launched, the Customs Administration of both countries will remain committed to expanding it.
Our communication has been enhanced at all levels.
Honey is a gift of nature to man.
The Prime Minister will release the outline of the Green Rameshwaram Project.
For the first time, you have to leave your home to live outside, leave your village to move to another place, get out of a safe environment and become your own neighbor.
He welcomed the various important decisions taken by the Union Government in the last three years, highlighting the issues of demonetisation, anti-black money campaign and corruption control.
The two sides agreed to explore joint opportunities in wildlife production including precious metals, minerals, natural resources, timber through joint investment, manufacturing, processing and skilled labour.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate 50 Health and Wellness Centres in Arunachal Pradesh.
He inaugurated the Unity Wall.
It will also help to collect the amount of tax revenue claims between the two countries.
The Prime Minister said that this was the golden age of the last 4 years in terms of relations between the two countries.
He also said that the University should take the initiative for the overall development of these 100 villages.
He travelled to various countries around the world to protest against the anti-Sanat religion and anti-Satnam propaganda.
Let us all together build an India where there is no end to corruption, to corruption.
Who doesn 't like Harman Prit Kaur?
Not only I but the whole of India and the whole of South Africa are eager to hear the views of the Presidents.
The portal and social media related to consumer interest have also been integrated.
Ayushman Bharat Yojana will provide a number of opportunities for investment in health infrastructure, manufacturing of medical devices and healthcare.
In this regard, he mentioned India's digital infrastructure and Aadhaar, UPI, e-NAM and GEM.
For example, if a local fire department visits a school in the area every week, it could raise awareness among thousands of children in a year.
This provides a mechanism for capturing the added value of the land.
Our soldiers also practiced yoga in Sichuan, where the temperature is 20, 25, 40 degrees.
It is also useful for the businessmen.
Today is the birthday of Veer Savarkar.
To this end, we have launched the Make in India campaign.
His Excellency, Prime Minister Mark Rutte,
I once again greet Shri Guru Gobind Singh.
The Prime Minister said that ordinary people can connect themselves to the design of Aditi Shankaracharya's beauty wave.
We have over 300 million middle class customers.
Thousands of children took pictures.
The Prime Minister also interacted with the beneficiaries of Din Dyal Antyodaya Yojana and National Rural Lifestyle Mission.
In this regard, in particular, the following issues were discussed: Monitoring of progress on nutrition in less-performing districts.
Dr. Abdullah expressed his appreciation for India's cooperation in capacity building and infrastructure in Afghanistan.
Everyone involved in the health sector is working for a radical change in this sector.
He stressed that we should act in accordance with the expectations of our guides in this Constitution.
In 2001, Atal Ji changed the time for presenting the budget to eleven in the morning.
He said that this builds a sense of confidence among the common people who are the key to the New India.
India is the second largest exporter of snails in the world.
We also decided to send 100 youths each year to each other's country for science-related educational activities.
He unveiled a banner to mark the launch of Swadash Darshan Yojana.
My dear countrymen, as always, I have received a large number of letters, emails, phone calls and comments from all of you.
When building these facilities, we should ensure that they are built according to the best standards set at the global level for disaster protection.
We need to be more aware of the risks posed to humanity by plastic.
Let us all together build an India that is clean, fit and fulfills Swaraja's dream.
He congratulated and thanked all those who contributed to the erection of this statue.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi attended the centenary year celebrations of Sabarmati Ashram in Gujarat today.
The visual effects are showing.
Plastic pollution has become a part of our food chain.
The campaign, conceived by the Prime Minister, is being directed to send a message to our brave soldiers through a special video on social media.
Since the establishment of the Council 50 years ago, India has made a significant contribution to the industry.
This will ensure clean fuel supply to homes, industrial and commercial factories.
We know how to bring the fruits of growth and prosperity to the common man.
Dear countrymen, M. K. Bhatt was praised and criticized.
It is natural for our country to have respect for the army, security forces.
Describing today as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated the scheme to 42 crore unorganized sector workers in the country.
I am deeply sorry for the families of those who lost their lives in this accident.
The facilities of savings account, current account, money transfer, direct benefit transfer, bill and utility payments, enterprise and merchant payments will be available to IPPB.
Gujarat has made a significant contribution to the history of the country, especially in the freedom movement.
The honourable Members and I discussed ways to strategically orient our energy sector relations through specific projects and proposals.
The Prime Minister said that positive news is of particular importance for building a prosperous and developing country.
He said that we need to focus on living in harmony with the environment without considering short-term benefits.
This will provide more than 10 crore poor and vulnerable families with insurance coverage of over 7000 dollars per year.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that through scientific approach, technological innovation and research and development, graduate students will transform the agricultural sector into a profitable livelihood.
In particular, India has achieved this before any major economic reforms.
He reiterated the Union Government's commitment to the development of East India.
The Union Government has assured that all possible assistance will be provided to reverse the situation.
We have focused on overcoming obstacles to success with full potential.
He said the mechanism is working to make India's glorious history and bright future visible through this Kumbh Mela.
Yoga is everywhere from Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Shikogo, from Jakarta to Johannesburg.
The Nordic countries have been mentioned in clean technology, maritime measures, port modernization, food processing, health, life sciences and agriculture.
Let's continue with the same positive.
What targets will be set for the gem and jewellery industry by this date?
Today is August 9.
What torture must have been suffered by the freedom-crazy.
I would like to pay my humble tribute to the late Jaya Prasad Narayan on his birthday.
He said that Gandhiji had not only a vision to treat these people but also to integrate them into the mainstream of society.
This is a different door that the government has opened for you which is the path you will take today.
The river and water conservation are of particular importance in many of our festivals.
This has been widely welcomed.
The Portuguese have a great love for football.
His greatest contribution to the struggle for freedom was that he gave the struggle the form of a mass movement.
We have a mindset that it should be a matter of life and death.
Minister of Energy, Saudi Arabia.
He expressed confidence that the Goods and Services Tax will bring economic integration to the country as Sardar Patel defined the political integration of the country.
He expressed his belief that a strong America is good for the world.
I would like to urge all of you to join in this initiative.
It is unusual for both Swati and Nidhi's husbands to have been martyred in the service of Mother India.
He reiterated the mantra of the rewarders: No Sanskrit, No Cooperation.
He said that while the Government is building infrastructure like highways, railways, on the one hand, the Government is making sure that the fruits of development reach everyone.
Inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, the Indian people have made this movement the biggest movement in the world.
The MoU will facilitate the acceleration and mechanisation of scientific cooperation in education institutions and research and development between India and Canada.
Such crops should be called nutritious and hardy in adverse climates.
The electricity for this monument will be used from solar energy.
The full membership process was launched at the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation meeting in Tashkent last year.
He praised the officials who have contributed to bringing about this change.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of 9 infrastructure projects in the railways, roads, petroleum and energy sectors.
In the last two years, the forest land area of India has grown by 1%.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India can take advantage of the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
Now that Kisan Credit Card is converted into Rupee Card, farmers can make purchases and sales transactions from anywhere through their cards.
The bilateral relations between India and Russia are driven by broad consensus on issues of mutual interest.
The time of the award ceremony will be determined later.
In this rainy session of Parliament, all the members have come together to set an ideal standard.
More than a crore women representatives of various self-help saving groups across the country participated in the event.
We have removed the obstacles and significantly improved the average rate of implementation in these sectors.
Recently, Asian countries like Hong Kong and Singapore have become the preferred choice for business settlement.
The Ayushman Bharat Yojana also includes the Pradhan Mantri National Health Security Mission.
Disaster response is being transformed by social media.
Lokmanya Tilak is a sea of courage and confidence.
The institution also took part in the event.
The Prime Minister expressed the hope that those who truly respect women will understand the pride behind Swami Vivekananda's speech.
It is a joy for us that our Arunaji is present with us after the recovery.
He said the Government is focusing on increasing productivity through high-speed connectivity.
He also mentioned the work being done to enhance the cleanliness and beauty of the city.
He then addressed a large crowd at the ceremony dedicated to the nation of Kochi Metro.
The Prime Minister said that India's economic development programme including Goods and Services Tax is commendable.
Every Indian is proud that these three heroes were born in our country.
We are personally facing terrorism and terrorism.
This is the fourth annual meeting between PM Modi and PM Ambe.
Now this sub-continent considers itself the center of global economic affairs.
He unveiled a logo to mark the launch of the programme Protect Mother Earth and Pass it on to the next generation.
Instead, if you focus on gaining knowledge, you try to remember as much as possible.
I commend the Election Commission for its continuous efforts to strengthen our democracy.
Let us all work together to create an India where young people, women and girls have the opportunity to realize their dreams.
Atal Ji has done a great job of bringing our beloved Tiruangas to the people.
Our partnership will definitely solve the problems of ending terrorism, organized crime, narcotics and human trafficking.
Therefore, rapid transportation is needed to alleviate the burden on urban infrastructure.
Slowly, the work will move in that direction.
I hope this will help us move forward.
The Maratha navy was defending these forts.
Communication is essential for development in this time.
The experts assisted in the collection of satellite based tax in India in view of the joint project to create the framework of the aforementioned industrial corridor.
In the last three years, everyone has made their own efforts towards water supply and water management.
In addition to the ManRega Fund, an average of Rs 32 thousand crore has been spent on water supply and water management every year.
Sustainable water availability is essential for agriculture and for this purpose, Pradhan Mantri Agri Irrigation Yojana has been launched.
He said that the Government and the State Governments are keen to promote the sport.
88% of eligible rural settlements have been connected by roads under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sakhti Yojana.
Referring to the achievements in the sanitation sector, the Prime Minister said that today 80 per cent of the work has been done compared to 40 per cent in 2014.
In this regard, he mentioned the agreement on Units 5 and 6 of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant.
We have also come together to promote our joint efforts at the international level.
We want to empower this legacy.
The Centre was awarded Centre of Excellence status to the Department of Molecular Oncology in 2007.
Today's lifestyle, running, increasing responsibilities are making it harder to live without stress.
We get a lesson from the saints, from the sages, from the monks, from the sages.
The Swadriya Wahri are a verse composed by Adi Shankaracharya.
Today, India has become not only the fastest growing economy but also the fastest poverty eradicator.
He worked hard to serve the refugees who came to Delhi after the split.
This includes geotagging and photography.
The more skilled lawyers and judges in the mediation system, the more commercial benefits India will have.
He also spoke out against the negative aspects of society.
Today, we are all connected.
Supply chain capability is very important for any business.
Unfortunately, for a long time, we called the 1857 revolt simply a rebellion or a soldier's revolt.
The Chief Ministers and senior officials of the relevant States were also present at the meeting.
The emphasis was placed on maintaining cooperation between the National Railway and Transport Association of Vadodara and the Russian Transport University.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Assistant Secretaries programme provides opportunities for junior and senior officials to interact with each other.
As an experienced parliamentary worker, he enriched the parliamentary work.
Speaking at the meeting, the Prime Minister said that innovation will play a vital role in bringing people from both India and Israel closer together.
In the solar energy sector, we are the fifth largest producer of electricity in the entire world.
As a friend and democratic country, India and the Republic of Korea share common values and have common views on regional and global peace.
The saints gave the mantra to give the society the strength to fight against superstition.
Besides, five teams of BSF, CISF and RAF are also deployed for relief and rescue operations.
This was a feat of peace by our soldiers.
With the vast energy of our youth, we are presenting India as a global hub of manufacturing.
The Prime Minister said it is important to reach the last segment of society through the benefits of government schemes.
The two countries will cooperate in the following areas.
He urged senior officials in the Union Government to review progress every week.
The Prime Minister said that the work of connecting the entire North East with the country is going on at a fast pace, both in terms of infrastructure and emotion.
It is the time of devotion to Mother Durga.
The award-winning teachers shared inspiring stories of their efforts to make our school a centre of learning and excellence.
The name of Shastri is mentioned and the spirit of faith that is built up in the minds of the people of India is filled.
Speaking about the economy, the Prime Minister said that India is expected to become a $5 trillion economy soon.
Prime Minister will inaugurate the Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital in Leharthara.
India has always been an inspiration to others in terms of intellectual capacity and courage.
The two countries expressed their commitment to maintain mutual cooperation and coordination on various forums including BRICS and ITU.
He is likely to unveil a plaque to mark the launch of the facilities to be set up for visitors there.
The Security Insurance Scheme has provided this protection to millions of people who are in greatest need of insurance coverage.
The Prime Minister said that by coming to Noida, they have destroyed the superstition.
In their presence, 240 beneficiary families will have access to e-housing.
Happy Army Day to all the soldiers and their families.
He said that targets should be set for these districts based on specific standards in a given short term.
The Agreement will provide the necessary information to prevent and investigate customs offences.
Under this scheme, our fishermen brothers will get loans, grants, discounts.
The Government of India has in the last few days, in collaboration with five state governments, made a successful effort to bring people together for clean Ganga, clean Ganga.
These measures have also improved energy efficiency.
Senior Bank officials were present.
Also, under the new law, the court of appeal challenging the arbitration decision should issue a decision within one year.
In 2018, our growth rate is projected to remain at 7.4 per cent.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that this honour is indeed the honour of the Indian people.
The Prime Minister agreed that a strong, mutual partnership will support innovation, economic development, sustainable solutions and trade and investment will be mutually beneficial.
Youth athletes should inspire the youth of their schools and villages to play.
The Prime Minister said that the leaders of both countries discussed the fight against terrorism and radicalism.
I am deeply saddened by his passing.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of the implementation of Amrut Mission.
Our domestic market is divided today.
The Prime Minister said that the film has played a major role in the process of making India a cultural superpower.
He continued to inspire 125 countrymen to achieve this goal.
However, it is my great honour to have the opportunity to interact with you.
Creating a conducive business environment and attracting investment is my top priority.
These rich readers will help India to perform at its best on a global scale.
The agreement will provide legal framework for the transfer of terrorists, financial criminals and other criminals to each other.
I wish you all the best.
The Government of India has provided financial support to the work of this Foundation.
But we are waiting for rain.
The ten questions asked in the survey are as follows:
Through these food parks, we aim to connect the agricultural processing industry with the main producer centres.
Three other projects are under development in Shahibganj, Haldi and Gazipur.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said the affection of the people of Kutch for us is overwhelming.
Today it is known as the commercial capital of Kerala.
He reiterated India's commitment to promote and strengthen its bilateral strategic partnership with the United States.
We want to take the individual right, we want to take the individual right, we want to take every member of society right, and that's how we want the country to move forward.
The Prime Minister said that India has no shortage of capabilities, strength and resources.
The theme of IEF-16 is "The Future of Global Energy Security".
Friends, Until very recently, Indian exporters used to go abroad to test and buy raw diamonds.
India has prepared its defence with this in mind.
According to the International Settlement Bank, the Indian economy in major economies will be less vulnerable to the banking crisis.
Similarly, there is a lot of discussion about holding simultaneous Central and State elections in the country.
The Swachh Bharat Mission is the next step in this direction.
Prime Minister Costa himself is a big fan of football.
Honourable Minister and Senior Member of the Japanese Delegation,
Guru has a place of honor in our society.
A National Strategy was adopted a few months ago to build strong infrastructure for AI research.
He also said that the FRP of Oats for the 2018-19 Sugar Season will be announced in the next two weeks.
The aim of the campaign is to increase response to cleanliness.
I would like to humbly say that the tradition of the business of selling khati since independence till today has doubled.
The death of the late Master Hussein Sayyiddin Daeger is saddening.
We have committed to prioritising renewable energy generation.
It is true that in the course of the political parties' efforts to reform the system over time, all parties have come together and have taken on their own obligations.
Prime Minister Modi clarified that the five hundred and one thousand notes will be accepted for humanity at the location of Government hospitals, Government hospital pharmacies (with doctor's letter), Railway reservation centres, Government trains/vehicles, Air Ticket Centres, Gas stations of petrol, diesel and public oil companies, Authorized Consumer Cooperative Stores of State and Central Governments, Authorized State Milk Sales Centres, Cemeteries and Cemeteries.
My personal meetings with Japanese leaders, government, industry and Japanese citizens are now more than a decade old.
71 countries from all over the world including India participated.
Amrits also includes 33 cities in Tamil Nadu.
We will support them.
He also interacted with the people who have made a commitment to water-free village.
We are setting up Commercial Courts and Commercial Divisions to resolve commercial cases as soon as possible.
Can you imagine what the mood would be like if the world were destroyed at such a young age?
Previously, 80 to 90 major traders from around the world were testing unbroken diamonds in Belgium, Africa and Israel.
Today, we remember him and salute his attitude.
He also said that social justice is an important administrative objective.
This will ensure a growing energy market for them.
We have taken a major step towards making universities of world class in the field of education.
The facility will generate 15 per cent more electricity than the total gas production in Assam.
Here too, the Prime Minister will address a meeting.
This Diwali brought a special experience for me too.
The Prime Minister distributed the pension card of the scheme to select beneficiaries.
My dear countrymen, the next few months are very important for our farmer brothers and sisters.
The Prime Minister stressed the need for institutional arrangements to achieve the best in sports.
Speaking on the topic of technology, the Prime Minister explained that the technology related to high pressure and high temperature could be used to experiment with natural gas for commercial purposes.
Leading financial institutions have expressed optimism about India's better development.
The Prime Minister addressed the people who lost their lives in the recent earthquake and tsunami in Sulawesi, Indonesia.
The Prime Minister expressed the view that the Mumbai-Ahmedabad Corridor area is developing a new economy and that the entire region will be a single economic zone.
Who knows, maybe this speech will help you to relieve your stress.
It is our responsibility to further increase knowledge of yoga for a healthy and happy humanity.
He has decided to enlist his only son in CRPF.
The Prime Minister thanked the Government of Madhya Pradesh and the people for taking the Narmada Saviya Yatra.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the extension of the Commission for Verification of Sub-Classification of Other Backward Classes in the Union List till November 2018.
The project is important for water supply to the drought-stricken region of Bundelkhand.
He said that a new culture should be developed by incorporating technology for the benefit of farmers in the agricultural sector.
Brothers and sisters, irrigation projects are progressing.
This work creates a new faith.
The proposed Bill will make the nomination of workers representatives in tripartite bodies more transparent by the Government.
This type of illness in youth is reduced physical activity and changes in dietary patterns.
The Prime Minister said that Postman has always been a respected person for Indians and has been trusted by the rural people.
The decision will benefit most taxpayers in the country.
In this direction, the Prime Minister's participation will bring together the various stakeholders involved in the campaign.
So we've made changes to the law, which will have far-reaching consequences.
Increasing understanding between India and Japan on strategic and economic issues has the potential to give new momentum to the global economy.
If anyone is on the side of this, if anyone is against it, people are expressing their opinions.
It ensured that millions of Indians could be brought under the umbrella of one nation and one Constitution.
All parties will contribute to the best.
I am confident that Tamil Nadu will not lag behind other states in this competition and will continue to lead.
Women are not only strong, but they are also armed.
It will also contribute to the economic development of Kochi.
Speaking about focusing on providing preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that Swachh Bharat Mission is linked to efforts towards a healthier India.
He said that the policies and decisions of the Union Government are complementary to the objective of increasing the incomes of farmers.
The European Investment Bank has given a loan of one million euros to India for other sustainable environmental projects including the Lucknow Metro.
He said that the Union Government is taking action not for political gain but for national interest.
Plastic with a microfabricated component is also used for salt, bottled water and tap water.
The Prime Minister will also lay the foundation stone of the bridge between Okha and Island Dwarka in Dwarka.
We are improving our administration with the help of digital technology to deliver goods to the last element.
He thanked the people who had the space around the temple for allowing the government to take over their seats for the project.
The industry wants legal certainty in the Indian market.
Prime Minister Dr. Abdul Moumen informed the Prime Minister about recent developments in bilateral relations.
Appreciating the various social initiatives of the Dawdi Bohra community, the Prime Minister said that various efforts are being made to improve the quality of life of the poor and needy citizens.
Recalling Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister said that along with one of Netaji's hackers, the majority of Andamanese youths came together and sacrificed their lives for India's independence.
On this proud moment, I congratulate the people of Kochi.
Most of the complaints were about poor quality services, connections and inefficiencies of telephones.
The initiative is aiming to build the skills needed to contribute to the economy of the 21st century in the newly entering manpower.
In this regard, he mentioned various development initiatives of the Government such as Ayushman Bharat, Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
The enhanced connectivity to the North East will also connect the region to the economy of Southeast Asia.
Your love is a blessing.
In fact, 125 crore people in India love the people of Japan just as much.
This work will be completed in 36 months.
Her calm attitude towards the game will definitely help the whole team.
As the Chief Minister of Gujarat, I launched a similar campaign in the state called Gujarat.
These reforms have brought our mediation process to international level.
These brave heroes gave their lives for the protection of 125 crore Indians.
Modi praised Prime Minister Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Shri Sh
President Ghani expressed condolences to the families of the martyrs.
Now we have taken some important decisions for our farmer brothers.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that in the 21st century, the youth will take India to new heights.
We salute the will and determination of all individuals and organizations who are working to protect the environment.
FIFA Welcome to the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi today approved measures to promote the hydropower sector.
Friends, It is a truly pleasant experience for the United Nations to take the initiative as a partner in this whole process.
Under the Din Dyal Antyodaya Yojana, special attention is given to skill training of rural youth.
He expressed hope that the Government will soon achieve its goal of 100 per cent rural road connectivity.
Such efforts create unnecessary obstacles for the underclass of people, especially in developing and developed countries.
Almost every home in our country now has electricity.
I am saddened by the accident in Itha district of Uttar Pradesh.
He also expressed hope that teachers will bring about digital change in our schools and communities.
You play your best game today.
Former President of India, Shri Abdul Kalam Ji, when interacting with youth, always spoke about Nanaji Deshmukh's rural development.
Jayalalithaa Ji was always with the people, always concerned for the welfare of the poor.
Ganesh is a disruptor.
He also called for more innovation to increase revenue in addition to railway rental, and for speeding up related works for the rapid development of railway stations.
Like other cities in Gujarat, Bhuj will have a modern bus station.
This is a need for society and families to pay attention to.
Similarly, Sullaghitinarsamma, from Karnataka, passed away on December 25.
His father takes out the trash and cares for his family.
Ambitious targets to boost performance.
India has a strong strategic partnership with these three countries.
I would like to express my special thanks and welcome to the 15 allies of this chapter of Vibrant Gujarat.
In August 2016, strict regulations were introduced to curb anonymous transactions.
I do not think that reading and learning should be limited to work.
Cyprus is the eighth largest investor in India.
The message given by Lord Gautama Buddha 2.5 thousand years ago is still relevant today in the 21st century.
The Prime Minister said that the Saving Groups play an important role in the economic and social upliftment of women in rural areas.
It's always worked to create a sense of selflessness in our culture.
He will also attend the State Government's Year-End event.
For example, the Housing Programme in India aims to build ten million houses in urban areas.
In the context of these conferences, the Prime Minister welcomed the leaders of BRICS and BIMSTEC Member States.
He recalled his suggestion to hold a Parliament in all districts of the country during the 'Mann Ki Baat' in December 2017.
The whole country stands with the people of the North East on this occasion.
This will provide facilities for film-loving students from the North Eastern States.
He praised the implementation of the Union Government's Minority Welfare Schemes.
His unforgettable work and hard work for social reforms led to a major change in the lives of the disadvantaged sections of society.
Russia expressed its support for India's accession to the Nuclear Supplier Group.
Both countries will benefit from this.
The rainfall in many parts of the country has caused a very pleasant atmosphere.
The Government of India and the people of India are with you in your journey towards peace and prosperity.
He recalled his work in the education sector and other social initiatives.
The funds will be used to repair, maintain and strengthen roads, highways, bridges and other damaged infrastructure.
Today, India is one of the countries that sends the largest number of troops to the UN peacekeeping force.
States can select as an aspiring district 20 per cent of the total talukes of the state based on the 115 ambitious districts selected by NITI Aayog.
I have visited Japan many times over the years.
The competition that will result will increase the efficiency and effectiveness of our marketing companies.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do everything possible to provide adequate water to the farmers.
Singapore is India's main partner in areas such as urban development, planning, smart cities and infrastructure development.
On the 71st Independence Day, Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the nation today from the Red Fort wall.
Kerala has earned the honor of becoming the first city to be 100 per cent literate and the first state to be 100 per cent literate.
He said that mutually beneficial India-Malaysia relations are based on shared values, interests and strong foundation of direct ties between the people of both countries.
In this competition, we won three more medals in mixed categories besides 13 medals.
This rainy session of Parliament will always be remembered as a session of social justice and youth welfare.
But someone has to make a decision for the country.
He spoke to the citizens at Coveratti and Kanjakulamari.
The two-hour review meeting was attended by senior officials from Ministries, NITI Aayog and the Prime Minister's Office related to the infrastructure sector.
In 2015, the Indian economy grew faster than other major economies.
Of these, 101 satellites were from the United States, Israel, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Kazakhstan and the United Arab Emirates.
He said that it is the work culture of our Government to make progress towards sustainable development by finding a lasting answer to every question.
On June 1, I will meet with the President of Singapore, Halima Jacob.
Guru Gobind Singh, the tenth Guru of Sikhs, has been a source of inspiration to many through his teachings and values.
Yoga is a strong pillar for a disciplined and progressive life.
The Prime Minister said, "Congratulations to Donald Trump for assuming office as President of the United States.
This sacrifice of purity, which is driven by the courage and determination of 125 crore countrymen, will play an important role in determining the direction of the country for many years to come.
This concept was put forward by Prime Minister Abe and I when we visited Varanasi together in 2015.
He said India is currently ranked third in the World Travel and Tourism Council 2018 Report.
On this day, we reiterate our commitment to strengthen our democracy by unwaveringly participating in democratic processes at local, state and national levels.
About 12 crore farmers will benefit from PM-Kisan.
New laws have been made, old laws have been made stricter.
India exports 95% of its fish products to countries around the world.
There are estimated to be over two crore engineers and management graduates in the country.
36 industries have been exempted from the requirement of environmental compliance certification.
- A training institute will be set up along with the high-speed rail project.
I am saddened by the loss of life caused by the earthquake.
The meeting will review the various schemes implemented in the last year and prioritize future schemes.
He urged members to raise awareness in society about their rights.
Even a common person has a very different feeling when he visits this place.
Attempts were also made to undermine the confidence of Indians in this.
This is her true power, and people's aspirations are being fulfilled at a very fast pace.
In a short time, the new year of 2017 will begin.
We are working together to bring solar energy to the mainstream in the form of the International Solar Alliance.
The main activities of the Union are to develop a framework for communication with mutual interest, exchange of good provisions, launching new initiatives for capacity building and joint campaigns.
We will stand shoulder to shoulder with all the countries in the region in our efforts to build capacity to cope with disasters.
On October 8, we celebrate Air Force Day.
In the face of global uncertainty, India also needs energy security.
We should take advantage of our stay in the spiritual city of Rishikesh and the sacred atmosphere of Paramartha Niketan.
Recently, we have been conducting the process of these laws in a very detailed manner.
As you may recall, India has also performed well in the Asian Games.
He was studying constitutional, taxation and corporate matters at the Gauhati High Court.
I would like to request the delegates from abroad for this special event to take some time to visit the magnificent statues of Delhi during their visit.
Guru Nanak Devji, not only the first Guru of Sikhs, but also the Jagadguru.
I was able to celebrate Diwali once again with the courageous security forces deployed at the border.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on issues of empowerment of women, women entrepreneurship, etc.
The country is moving in peace, goodwill and unity.
The Prime Minister said that the Constitution is our guide.
In the sequence number 9 to include Monpa, Memba, Sartang, Sajolong (MG) instead of Momba.
Through their combined efforts, they have changed not only their own destiny but also that of our region.
India hosted the first South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise last November.
The Centre will support all steps taken by the State Government.
These are signs of a new direction of economic reforms that India is pursuing.
Firstly, the size of the Cabinet of States was limited to 15 per cent of the total Assembly seats.
Her achievements are particularly appreciated for the fact that unity has made the challenges that lie ahead a means of success.
The MoU will help to strengthen bilateral cooperation between the two countries.
My dear countrymen, the festival of Navratri is underway.
The foundation stone of the institute was laid by the Prime Minister in April 2015.
Under his leadership, the challenges in the financial and banking sectors were met with support.
The two leaders agreed to make a joint positive and substantial contribution towards sustainable solutions to global challenges such as climate change, sustainable development, food security and so on.
Sanitation is the simplest method of preventive measures.
Well, young people, you are busy preparing for the exams and I am stuck in my thoughts.
The Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) has erected the monument in a very short time.
For decades, India has been fighting cross-border terrorism.
The Prime Minister will also inaugurate the newly built Madanmohan Malviya Cancer Centre of Banaras Hindu University.
He then inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute in Haridwar.
The Prime Minister reiterated India's role in supporting the country's efforts for a peaceful, prosperous and democratic Afghanistan.
He said that the Union Government will pay the same amount as the contribution of the beneficiaries.
We have launched the Ujjwala programme to provide cooking gas to 5 crore women.
He underlined that the project was finally approved in January 2015 and has now been completed.
During his tenure, the timing of the presentation of the country's budget in the House was changed.
Friends, the stronger our emotional ties, the more prosperous our cultural and commercial heritage will be for the future.
In July of this year, we completed the very complex task of introducing a single Goods and Services Tax across the country.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for their unparalleled achievements at the international level.
They have given priority to every drop of water.
Defence and security cooperation.
The Air Force also responded to the enemy in 1965.
Sister Niveditaji restored the glory of Indian culture.
I am filled with memories of M. Vinkaya Naidu in the party and government.
The President of the Republic of Korea is visiting Korea at the invitation of Moon Jae-in.
This sacred land has extraordinary magnetic energy, vibrations and extraordinary consciousness.
He said that the youth of the country are taking the Swachh Bharat Mission to new heights.
If we cannot control this process through both planning and implementation, the economic and lives lost by disasters will be unprecedented.
I am happy that this resolution is being fulfilled today.
I look forward to meeting the political leaders and friends of Nepal.
Your Honourable Sir, I have fresh memories of your visits in August 2015 and last year in February.
The country is getting the opportunity to elect a new President and Vice President in this session.
I have urged people to give books instead of giving each other flowers as a greeting gift.
In many parts of the country, our soldiers and farmers have stood up for injustice by showing their bravery.
He highlighted the efforts to bring social security schemes to the underlying population through Jan Dhan Yojana Ujjwala Yojana, Swachh Bharat Bharat Yojana, Bima Yojana, Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana and the recently launched Saubhagya Yojana.
He called for all issues related to Iran's nuclear program to be resolved through peaceful and dialogue.
Sath is a festival of sun worship in rivers, lakes.
India is welcoming the world to explore the economic opportunities in India.
26 Russia has invited India to invest in the Far East region of Russia.
I promise that the steps taken by the Government will lead the country to a new phase of development in the coming years.
He expressed confidence that the combination of German innovation and Indian youth will give new dimension to start-ups.
These rural postal workers will be made financial service assistants by providing smart phones and digital devices.
The two leaders will also interact with the media.
They agreed to continue efforts to develop energy capabilities and technologies for clean energy generation, renewable energy and fuels and clean energy systems.
The enthusiasm of this young doctor, who is selfless in his service to the sick, is truly undeniable.
The per capita consumption of plastic in India is relatively low compared to many parts of the developed world.
The SILON Estate Workers Education Trust was established in 1947 to encourage talented students to continue their education.
This will be a test based on what you have studied over the course of a year.
My first two events will be at Sabarmati Ashram.
August 11, is a date that is associated with a significant date in the history of the country.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government is putting great emphasis on waterways development.
This will help to increase the institutional interaction between the two countries.
Under Ayushman Bharat Yojana, about 10 crore families, about 50 crore citizens will receive Rs 5 lakh in a year from the Government of India and the insurance companies.
We are using technology effectively to reach people.
I welcome the growing ties between our states, parliaments and the provinces of Japan.
He mentioned the projects related to Namami Ganga including roads and many others, which were laid the foundation stone today.
This has also created obstacles to interstate trade.
The Prime Minister also addressed the various questions raised by the delegation members.
I have complete faith in the courage and courage of the soldiers.
In recent years, 16,000 km of gas pipelines have been built and 11,000 km of pipelines are under construction.
Finally, I congratulate the citizens of Kochi, the Kochi Metro Rail Corporation and the Chief Minister of Kerala for this important achievement.
The plan is to meet 25% of the total energy needs from renewable energy, especially solar energy.
The fourth thing is to invest to assess global risks.
Even with the advent of new technology, the trust in Postman has remained.
They are willing to sacrifice their lives, especially for the protection of trees, but they do not allow any tree to be damaged.
On May 31, I will visit the India-Singapore Industry and Innovation Exhibition.
Our brave sons were working day and night to ensure that the people of the country could sleep peacefully.
The presence of President Ramaphosa on Republic Day tomorrow and his participation as the chief guest are a symbol of our commitment to strengthen our ties.
Both cities are proof that cultural and religious ties between India and Nepal have been very strong since ancient times.
Yoga is useful in balancing the dividing environment.
I have discussed the flood situation with senior officials from Delhi and other states including Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh, Pema Khandu.
I am sure that we will all benefit from each other's experience and knowledge.
I would like to reiterate that the campaign that Khadi has started should continue.
Drug regulators and quality control of medicines.
The honourable Prime Minister said that India is home to many saints who serve and reform society.
I had called for the brain-drain problem to be solved by brain-gen.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi reviewed the Namami Gange event on Thursday evening.
We must support the initiatives and leadership that are being taken in this way through policies and practices.
His contribution is very valuable for both India and UAE.
As you all know, when we successfully entered orbit for the Mars mission, the entire mission was for six months.
Therefore, the Swachh Bharat Mission for Swachh Bharat is now connected to the faith and spirit of the nation.
Army Chief General Dalbir Singh was also present.
Dedicated freight corridors are being developed to reduce congestion of our rail network.
Talking about the family and united traditions of the island, he said that this strength of Indian society has been maintained over the years.
The beneficiaries expressed their happiness in interacting with the Prime Minister about the availability of good quality medicines in JAN AMPs.
We have established the Department of Indian Studies at the University of Lisbon.
I had the privilege of welcoming you to India in June 2015.
It will surely be a pleasure to know that the productivity of Lok Sabha was 118 per cent and that the Rajya Sabha was 74 per cent during this session.
But if we don't trust our own abilities and power, no one will accept it.
Both sides reiterated that India and Russia have brought cultural scholarship to meet the challenges of modern times despite their multicultural, multilingual and multi-religious societies.
He explained that the purpose of government schemes and initiatives is to empower the poor against poverty.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi Jinping reviewed the development of India-China strategic relations from a long-term perspective.
The picture will change as you look.
Some of the selected letters were printed.
Prayer, spirituality and charity are given great importance in Ramadan.
India's test was successful and thus India has shown its strength in science and technology.
The campaign will provide preventive, incentive and rehabilitation services.
He said that the Government of India is focusing on innovation and research.
This shows our commitment to provide housing to the poor and middle class.
He said that new AIIMS, the All India Institute of Health Sciences, is being set up to facilitate access to healthcare for the poor.
The Prime Minister also welcomed the celebration of the year 2017 as the Year of India-UK Culture.
First of all, I, and I, congratulate the newly elected Deputy Speaker, Mr. Harishas.
The benefits of the Pradhan Mantri Shram Yogi Manadhana Yojana, the Health Cover provided under Ayushman Bharat, and the benefits of Pradhan Mantri Vijayanti Yojana and Pradhan Mantri Saikhar Bima Yojana have given unorganized sector workers a comprehensive coverage in their old age.
You're right.
Now is the time for discussion and discussion, to find new ways to do it.
Some little kids send photos of their efforts, and they have a story about the youth.
We recognize the need for urgent action to prevent the spread of terrorism, violent extremism and transformationism.
It is a legacy that has connected our society for generations and centuries.
This figure is expected to double in the next 10 years.
For those who wish to explore further, I would like to assure that we are committed to enhance our policies and processes that will accelerate Make India.
The Prime Minister said that a quarter of the world's 500 largest companies are operating in the public sector of a country.
The people of Meghalaya have made remarkable contributions to the development of our country.
We are determined to create an India where terrorism and racism will not be tolerated.
We will continue to work in all our strengths for your socio-economic upliftment.
He would be one of the finest speakers our nation has produced.
My dear countrymen, on November 4th, we will all celebrate Guru Nanak's birth anniversary.
Therefore, we are also continuously working to improve the investment environment.
In contrast, if a person cleans his surroundings, he gets new energy and he never succumbs to the dirty environment afterwards.
It was also reported that the company Advance Pharma has set up a pharmaceutical manufacturing plant in Russia.
He said that the Indian Ocean is being crippled by the rigidity of the Indian Army and our international partners.
The Agreement was signed on 31 May 2018.
Who doesn't know courage, courage?
The Prime Minister said that defence cooperation is a key pillar of cooperation between India and Japan.
- Mutually agreed cooperation in the field.
The Selection Committee also appreciated Modi's efforts towards clean business through measures such as anti-corruption measures and demonetisation.
In the last three years, almost 150 lakh hectares of land have been benefited by such water supply and water management measures.
We have just launched a scheme to bring electricity to every household in the country.
Sometimes it seems like we're not looking at the exam the right way.
The new year has brought new rays, new resolutions for success.
He said that there are currently 45 lakh savings groups in the country, with 5 crore women working in them.
I am confident that the discussions that will be held on this forum will help citizens around the world to have access to clean, affordable and sustainable energy.
Many people lost their lives and lost their finances in the tsunami that followed the eruption of volcano in Indonesia.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has paid tribute to Babu Jagjjivan Ram on his birth anniversary.
This year, in the southern Nilgiri Mountains, our blue flowers are flowering like the ashoka of a triangular flag against the background of the Independence Day celebrations.
Many African Ministers are present with us today.
In view of the growth of the pharmaceutical industry in the two countries, the Governments of the two countries are seeking to establish a formal mechanism to enhance mutual cooperation in the areas of trade, pharmaceutical manufacturing, research and development in the sector.
The Prime Minister will conduct five such dialogues, the fourth of which.
All sports enthusiasts are warmly welcomed to the inaugural event of artificial running track at Usha Athletics School.
He said that farmers and scientists should work together to transform the agricultural sector.
The Juvenile Day was marked by the discussion of concepts such as trade, investment, connectivity, youth and cultural exchange.
I am grateful to Akbar Saheb.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today met the members of Club Da Chef Da Chef, the Club of Chef of Presidents from around the world.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today interacted with the trainers of the 2015 batch of Indian Police Service.
People from far away are sending letters.
The successful launch of the South Asia satellite has fulfilled that promise.
He will also attend demonstrations on the creation of beneficiary ID and e-card.
The Central Government has been closely monitoring the flood situation in Kerala.
If we are aware, we can save our children from going back to that path of violence and oppression.
He said the development of the eastern region of India is the highest priority of the Union Government.
The seven countries in the top 10 of the list of worst affected are the Asia Pacific.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone for the construction of the complex of the North Provincial Centre of Indian Institute of Mass Communication in Jammu.
The Prime Minister appreciated the work of the security instruments in the country in ensuring the security of the country.
I look forward to participating in the centenary celebrations of Sabarmati Ashram.
The delegation supported the Prime Minister's resolve to make India a 5 trillion dollar economy in the future.
Every young player and his determination is the identity of the New India.
He said that Prime Minister Modi is a great and world class leader.
It will be useful for spiritual curiosities, yogis and even the general public.
I would like to congratulate him on the initiative taken by the F.S.S.A.I. in this regard.
This requires a lawyer who is knowledgeable in the process of arbitration.
They have lost their lives in serving the country.
The Prime Minister said that Varanasi is a tourist destination and every effort should be made to keep the city clean.
Where there is a story of a new cleanliness initiative, there is a story of a change brought about by the passion of an official.
The Prime Minister then addressed a meeting.
He said that hygiene is a key component of preventive healthcare.
Last year, about 3.5 crore people benefited from this scheme.
The two sides aim to establish cooperative institutional relations to promote technical bilateral cooperation on new and renewable issues in mutual benefit.
Another important feature of the project is that around 1000 women and 23rd Panthyas are being selected to work in Kochi Metro Rail system.
The beautiful scenery of Cyprus and the incredible diversity of India can be a source of tourism boost for both countries.
FDI flows from Japan have almost tripled in the last three years.
Both sides stressed the importance of enhancing cooperation in the aluminum sector.
The Prime Minister said, "I am in the pain of the flood victims in Bihar.
The Indian saga of economic recovery reflects most of Asia.
The whole nation is welcoming the unwavering courage of the martyr Prasanna Sahu, wife of Jagat Singhpur, Odisha.
He said that this is a picture of empowerment of women in the country.
The two leaders appreciated the achievements achieved in the past year in the two countries under the Special Strategic Partnership.
Their resilience in adverse circumstances and in opposition to colonialism will never be forgotten.
Many administrative reforms have improved the industrial environment in the country.
I would like to share the positive results of this Budget Session.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi today approved the signing of the MoU between India and the UK on Cooperation in Law and Justice and the establishment of a Joint Advisory Committee.
But the expected results of the law reforms can only be seen when an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism exists.
This has also saved crores of rupees to the poor and middle class.
My message to the global hydrocarbon companies is: We invite you to come and produce in India.
Substitute the Thai Khaamati in sequence 6 for the Khampati.
The World Bank and International Monetary Fund have assessed that this trend will continue.
When I read Savarkar's book My Birthday, it inspired me to look at cellular prison.
India has also done very well in the wildlife conservation sector.
He reiterated India's commitment to generate 175 GWh of renewable energy by 2022.
Prime Minister Modi stressed that the benefits of this scheme should be available to the very poor and the truly needy of society.
Dr. Abdul Kalam has spent the last years of his life striving to realize the dreams of a developed India.
He expressed hope that people should strive to learn about the history and archaeological traditions of their cities, villages and regions.
The Government is committed to the path of fiscal consolidation.
Emphasizing the importance of food processing, he said that the lack of infrastructure in the agricultural sector has led to the destruction of agricultural products and huge losses.
And that is why, brothers and sisters, it is very important to build trust in the hearts of the common people of the country by removing this distortion in our systems.
The Goods and Services Tax System will continue to lead to modern tax management that is easier, more transparent and helpful in preventing corruption.
Training for healthcare and administration and management of hospitals.
I pray that you will recover quickly.
This month, a 20-year-old daughter from Pune, Vedangi Kulkarni, became the fastest Asian woman to travel the world on a bicycle.
During their interaction with the Prime Minister, the officials informed the Prime Minister about various aspects of their mission, preparation, training and experiences during the campaign.
He urged the students to work towards achieving this dream.
Atal Ji's general leadership laid the foundation for a strong, prosperous and inclusive India in the 21st century.
He said that a comprehensive approach to education is being taken under the Comprehensive Punishment Mission.
He also released a commemorative postage stamp.
Answering the question of the team working to make rural digital entrepreneurs, the Prime Minister said that it is important to make India an equal opportunity for all.
This year, we will also make efforts to organize a Run for Unity in our villages, cities, cities.
The 'Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas' initiative can serve as a guiding light for action and cooperation in South Asia.
The Prime Minister will also inaugurate the redeveloped Tezu Airport in Arunachal Pradesh.
The Law on Disclosure of Foreign Bank Accounts was passed in 2015.
He urged all officials to accelerate the adoption of Government Marketplace (GEM) into account.
Happy World Environment Day to you.
He has set a target of reaching 300 million disadvantaged people by 2022.
Friends, Currency growth has also benefited the poor and middle class consumers.
Sister Nivedita, who was not concerned about her health, began to clean the streets.
The agreement will involve Saudi Arabia's institutions to attract potential investment in the country's infrastructure.
We are very proud of our youth.
Our government has a policy of action without being confined to rules and laws.
The Prime Minister said that the student organisations campaigning for elections at university level should give greater importance to cleanliness.
Prime Minister in Assam
We are considering various strategies for efficient waste management.
He did a very good job in this time of crisis.
Congratulations from the people of the country to the hockey team and all of their team.
We seek peace and prosperity for all.
They are also taking skills development courses.
I sincerely pay tribute to those who lost their lives in the recent earthquake in Ashe.
He also recalled the role of Indian community members in the Kenyan independence movement.
However, we know that we have limited our democracy to ballots.
The decision to reduce the current rate of income tax from 10 to 5 per cent is bold.
They will provide assistance and support equipment to persons with disabilities.
I will also address the Indian community in Indonesia.
Low labour rate, large domestic market and micro-economic stability have made India an investment destination.
This is a living example of a changing environment.
Speaking about the goals of balanced development in rural and urban areas, the Prime Minister said that the Co-operation movement can play a vital role in achieving these goals.
And that will turn your despair into faith.
I have the honour of being the first Indian Prime Minister to visit this beautiful region of Sri Lanka.
It is considered the cult of wisdom.
Arbitration proceedings can now be expedited as the Arbitration Act has been amended.
India expressed its intention to increase imports of fertilisers from Russia.
Operation Greens, announced in the recent Budget, will be beneficial to farmers in producing fruits and vegetables, especially tomatoes, peas and potatoes.
The development projects launched today are beneficial for the co-operation sector.
