The Prime Minister also laid the foundation stone of a six-lane bridge over the Brahmaputra River.
In 2018, our growth rate is projected to be 7.4%.
The national interest will not be served by following and supporting the people who are looting the country.
As a result, more and more Indians began to have the opportunity to hoist their national flags.
We are proud that we have taken many decisions to make women more empowered.
You are the leader of a great nation.
The agreement will facilitate mechanisms for accelerating scientific cooperation between India and Canada in academic institutions as well as R & D.
He expressed the need for a fresh approach in areas such as skill development, development and tourism.
The Prime Minister said it is also the responsibility to use water judiciously and conserve it as much as possible.
The two countries are contributing more than ever to creating a more connected world.
Similar corrections have been made with a view to obtaining an early warning of a cyclone.
In a few hours, we will all welcome the new year 2017.
Today, India is the first choice of the world to invest in the food processing industry.
I am happy to have this opportunity to further strengthen our relationship with the Bank and its members.
Leading financial institutions have expressed optimism about India's good growth.
The Prime Minister assured that the government will provide necessary support and facilities for this.
During the same period, 11,641 additional habitations were connected by road.
Even today, India is one of the largest troop contributors to the UN's rapidly diverging peacekeeping forces.
On the advent of the holy month of Ramzan, I extend my warm greetings and best wishes to the people of India and around the world, especially to the Muslim community for this holy month.
He urged the Secretary to put in place a mechanism that meets global expectations to global expectations.
We believe that this strong partnership will increase the flow of mutual trade and investment between our two countries.
In this regard, it was also discussed to monitor the progress on nutrition, especially in the under-performing district.
You must have been happy and satisfied to hear that Khadi and handloom are being sold on such a large scale from the same store.
The Bharatmala Yojana aims to improve road connectivity through the construction of national highways and corridors.
The Prime Minister congratulated the people of the country and expressed confidence that the high-speed rail project will deliver faster results with speed and progress.
Even today, Team India players continue to inspire the new generation of hockey with the success that comes from their hard work and dedication.
These reforms have taken our arbitration process to the international level.
He said that due to these initiatives, India has jumped 42 places in the Ease of Doing Business rankings in the last four years.
He urged all the attendees to work towards achieving 100% cleanliness by 2nd October 2019, the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
These forts were guarded by the naval forces of the Marathas.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is committed to ensure that all projects are completed on time.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said, in the 21st century, the youth will take India to new heights.
I also say that India and Japan will play an important role in the rise of Asia.
The message given by Lord Gautama Buddha two and a half thousand years ago is also relevant to the 21st century today.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the Annual Conference of Directors General of Police and Inspector Generals of Police, at BSF Academy, Tekanpur, Madhya Pradesh, on 7th and 8th January.
Having this encyclopedia is going to be helpful for spiritual inquisitors, yogis, and even the general public.
MoU between the Ministry of Economic Development of Russia and NITI Aayog of India
Respected Chairman, Many congratulations and best wishes from the Rajya Sabha as well as from the countrymen.
Asaram has cleared the MBBS entrance exam for AIIMS Jodhpur in his first attempt.
Today, on this occasion, I would like to tell the delegates from other countries about the Give-it-Up scheme.
An ordinary tea seller, you will be surprised to know, but it is spreading the light of education in the lives of more than 70 children.
What matters in life is whether there is a balance between the goal you have in mind and your ambition.
Both sides agreed to hold the INSTC Ministerial and Cooperation meeting on a priority basis.
My dear countrymen, as always, this time too, I have received a large number of letters, emails, phone calls and feedback from all of you.
The prospect of rapid growth has put a great deal of responsibility on India's energy sector.
I am very happy to participate in the inauguration ceremony of the Kochi Metro.
Electricity reached every village of the country.
An air service between Jagdalpur and Raipur will also be inaugurated by the Prime Minister.
Ekta has won gold and bronze medals at the World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 in Tunisia.
We all must have seen how the action was taken within a hundred hours.
Sri Guru Gobind Singh Ji believed that the greatest service is to alleviate human suffering.
The Prime Minister expressed happiness that progress has been made in this direction over the years.
Cyprus is the eighth-largest investor in India.
There are more than 8 lakh doctors.
In the solar energy sector, we are the fifth largest producer of electricity in the world.
He said that the Constitution is the soul of our democratic structure.
Temples have played an important role in our society since time immemorial.
It is showing good results.
The entire nation salutes the indomitable courage of Meenaji, the wife of Shaheed Prasanna Sahu of Jagatsinghpur, Odisha.
The projects inaugurated include the Integrated Power Development Scheme for Purani Kashi and the Atal Incubation Centre at Banaras Hindu University.
He had released a commemorative postage stamp on the occasion.
The Prime Minister said that such high-speed corridors are important for the future rapid development of the country's sectors.
I have visited Japan many times over the years.
What suffering those obsessed with freedom must have endured.
He expressed confidence that the Goods and Services Tax would bring about economic integration in the country, just as Sardar Patel had ensured the political integration of the country.
The Prime Minister thanked Japan for the technical and financial assistance received from Japan for the project.
These are indicative of the new direction of economic reforms that India is pursuing.
I assure you that the Government of India is fully committed to supporting all efforts of the State Government to tackle this disease.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore Industry and Innovation Expo.
He extended greetings on behalf of President Trump.
New systems are being created.
The South Asia Satellite tells us that the sky is not the limit when it comes to regional cooperation among agreed countries.
The award is presented on behalf of the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), which is affiliated with the United Nations.
The dream of 'Ek Bharat-Shreshtha Bharat' is hidden in this.
He is visiting Korea at the invitation of the President of the Republic of Korea, Moon Jae-in.
The Prime Minister said that work has started at a fast pace to ensure that every homeless person gets a house by 2020.
In our country, the cow is considered the mother.
They agreed to continue efforts to develop energy efficiency and technologies for clean energy generation, renewable energy and fuels, and clean energy systems.
Atalji's demise is a personal and irreparable loss to me.
He appreciated the purity shown by the Prime Minister on the issue of triple talaq.
He added that the country will be truly great and healthy only when 125 crore citizens of the country are healthy.
Stressing the importance of preserving the "spirit" of the cooperative movement, the Prime Minister said that this "spirit" is still largely intact in rural areas.
I share the grief of his family and supporters on this sad occasion.
In recent times, Asian countries such as Hong Kong and Singapore have become all-too-preferential in resolving commercial disputes.
When Rajni expressed her desire to learn boxing, her father gathered all possible means and encouraged her.
Congratulations to Tejaswini Sawant on winning Gold in the Women's 50m Rifle event.
The Prime Minister recalled his work in the education sector and other social activities.
In today's time, connectivity is essential for development.
And the festivals started by Tilak broke the walls of caste and creed in the society and worked to unite all.
He said that a large amount of money is stuck in these cases and it can be used for the welfare of the poor.
The society also believes that sports is a waste of time!
River and water conservation has a special significance in many of our festivals.
He also mentioned the work being done to enhance the cleanliness and beauty of the city.
Participation in the Summit will underscore India's highest priority for its neighbours and its commitment to deepen ties with all nations of South-East Asia.
The Prime Minister said that through the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, the premium has been reduced, the cap on insurance has been removed, and the amount of claims given to farmers has increased.
This bridge will bring a positive change in the lives of the people.
Today, hundreds of poor patients take advantage of these camps every month.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar.
The two leaders were of the view that a peaceful, stable and balanced relationship between India and China would be a positive factor of stability in the face of current global instability.
He listed the initiatives undertaken in the implementation of GST, auction distribution of natural resources, reforms in insurance and banking sectors, as well as skill development.
The Prime Minister said that both countries have benefited from economic investment in an unprecedented manner.
People donate to the needy during this holy month.
Gujarat Chief Minister Vijay Rupani.
All these are aimed at bringing about a massive transformation in the country and paving the way for the creation of a New India.
The airspace has a passenger capacity of 282 million passengers per annum.
In this context, the Prime Minister mentioned the International Solar Alliance and the joint efforts of India and France for this cause.
This morning, I announced a direct Air India flight from Colombo to Varanasi.
I congratulate every athlete who has won medals.
The Prime Minister advised them to work hard for studies and develop interest in sports.
The 182-metre-tall statue will be dedicated to Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel at Kevadiya in Gujarat's Narmada district to mark his birth anniversary.
Regional and international cooperation has an important role to play in supplementing our efforts.
The Prime Minister then addressed a meeting.
This is his third Super Series Premier title after Indonesia Open and Australia Open.
Today, our fishermen brothers and sisters go to sea with small boats.
He believed in the power of knowledge.
The Prime Minister also presented details of air connectivity and waterways connectivity in this regard.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Babu Jagjivan Ram on his birth anniversary.
Friends, It is indeed a pleasant experience for the United Nations to take the lead as a partner in this entire process.
Narmada Pravah - The Mission Work Plan was released by the Prime Minister on the occasion.
These peace efforts came from Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan, to name a few.
I expect the industry to be in constant touch with them.
We need to be more aware of the danger plastic poses to humans.
Your children have benefited from this.
To this end, the two leaders resolved to further strengthen the close development partnership, which is beneficial and sustainable for both countries, and to pursue national modernization and greater well-being for the people of both countries.
He said that this decision will provide a huge amount of funds for the development of mineral-rich districts.
I am confident that the business partnership that the two countries have built, surpassing others, will be further strengthened and our business engagement will gain momentum.
The memorial has been set up by the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) in a very short span of time.
The Prime Minister said that the construction of toilets has been taken up on a war footing.
People will continue to enjoy Sufi music through his music.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Archaeological Survey of India has done a very important work in the last 150 years.
He unveiled a series of various development projects related to energy connectivity and health sector.
The project is also an example of eco-friendly development.
Together, we will build an India where the poor have a pucca house, electricity and water.
A list of 26 islands has been prepared for all-round development.
Recently, I had two visits that will be remembered.
This will help increase bilateral trade and investment.
Prime Minister Abe and I never miss an opportunity to meet each other.
So it's not a picture that does justice to our rich experience and the immense quality of the designers.
We have strengthened the wings of aspirations of millions through social security schemes like Jan-Dhan Yojana, Mudra, Stand Up India.
The great Indian thinker and strategist Kautilya wrote a treatise on economics 2,000 years ago.
It creates peace by connecting the family member with the family.
The second edition of "Samvad - Global Initiative on Conflict Avoidance and Environment Consciousness" is being held today and tomorrow in Yangon.
Condolences to the families of the victims of this attack.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to Cyclone Amphan in Tamil Nadu.
Yoga practice creates a sense of identity - the oneness of mind, body, and thought.
Within hours of its release, the video has caused curiosity among many on platforms such as Twitter and Facebook.
Signatory Officer / Ambassador
People of Indian origin in Portugal have played a very important role in strengthening our bilateral relations.
He has effectively covered all aspects of Hindutva in only 11 volumes.
Think about it, if all the people in one state start giving such good information, I will ask the government to scrutinize the information that has come in and make propaganda material about which seven things are the same from each state.
There is no dearth of excellent judges and lawyers in India.
In the last three years, every International Day of Yoga event was enthusiastically attended by people from all over the country and the world.
He expressed confidence that the youth of our country will never be misguided.
I look forward to meeting political leaders and friends in Nepal.
It will also inaugurate Amul's state-of-the-art chocolate manufacturing plant.
An excellent view of the Sardar Sarovar Dam reservoir, Satpura, and the Vindhya mountain range.
The Prime Minister complimented the group for the campaign.
Our goal is' More Crop, Per Drop '.
More than 146 million people are credited to their accounts for subsidized cooking gas cylinders.
We will continue to work tirelessly for your socio-economic upliftment.
Officials from the Prime Minister's Office, NITI Aayog, and other ministries attended the high-level meeting.
On 28 February 2001, he was appointed as a permanent judge of the Gauhati High Court.
For decades, India has been fighting cross-border terrorism.
The central government has noted the greatness of great leaders like Sardar Patel, Babasaheb Ambedkar and Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose.
The Prime Minister said that the Chief Ministers of the states played a major role in policy formulation through sub-groups and committees on issues such as Swachh Bharat Mission, digital transactions, and skill development.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of 9 infrastructure projects in the railway, road, petroleum and power sectors.
The foundation stone of various development works in Kutch will be laid by the Prime Minister today.
The Prime Minister urged the students to promote ideas that lead to innovative solutions to people's problems.
Espinosa outlined his priorities for the upcoming session of the United Nations General Assembly.
This decision has helped us to take the lead in dispute resolution globally.
The family of Shri Gurbachan Singh Ji has set a similar example before us.
A Chartered Accountant can start a new career in this field.
Khadi is transforming the lives of the poorest of the poor, the handloom of the poorest of the poor, making it a means for them to become empowered, strong, powerful.
- Regulation of drugs, medical devices and cosmetics and exchange of information.
The Nordic country's initiatives were mentioned in clean technologies, maritime solutions, port modernization, food processing, health, life sciences, and agriculture.
Foreign investment has been invited in this sector.
To ensure peace and security, and to realize a world order that reflects the diversity of cultures and civilizations, we prioritize a common approach, and at the same time, strengthening the unity of humankind.
India is making rapid progress in all the indicators like Global Research Index, Global Performance Index, Global Competitiveness Index.
Our trade and investment relations are growing.
The Prime Minister congratulated all those associated with this remarkable achievement.
He said that in the last three years, the Central Government has laid emphasis on raising the standard of living of the people.
Both underscored the importance of the core values of pluralism, democracy and rule of law for peaceful co-existence.
I made this appeal so that 'brain-gain' could be the answer to the problem of 'brain-drain'.
From a large-scale operational and value-added perspective, the large size of the domestic market, availability of skilled labour and good infrastructure also attract investors.
The highlight of the event Pariksha Pe Charcha was a very free interaction on various topics related to the exam.
Yoga is a manual that connects people to life and reconnects mankind to nature.
So the supply scenario is changing.
On the lines of the 115 Aspirational Districts selected by NITI Aayog, states can also choose up to 20 per cent of the total taluks in the state as Aspirational Taluks.
I am confident that some concrete steps will be taken in this direction at the World Food Summit.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of implementation of plans to set up new medical colleges attached with district hospitals.
In the next couple of months, all of us will be busy with electioneering.
Sadly, for a long time, we used to call the 1857 incident only a mutiny or a mutiny of sepoys.
The picture will change.
The Prime Minister affirmed the government's commitment to the welfare of senior citizens.
The Prime Minister said that the common man can associate himself with Adi Shankaracharya's composition Soundarya Lahari.
Such crops should be said to be "nutritious and resilient to adverse weather conditions."
Prime Minister Modi conveyed his best wishes for the progress and prosperity of the friendly people of Malaysia.
The Essel Group has looked at how their potential will continue to grow as they take the new generation forward while nurturing Indian traditions and nurturing family values.
He always gave importance to education and social reforms.
Creating a conducive business environment and attracting investments are my top priorities.
More than a thousand archaic laws have been repealed.
This is the second bilateral visit of the Prime Minister to Germany.
He said the government is planning to start health facilities, roads, oil and domestic gas pipelines in the state.
It is in the interest of producers that other economies grow vigorously and rapidly.
She cycled nearly 300 kilometres every day for 159 days.
Today, along with human rights work at the national level, 26 State Human Rights Commissions have also been established.
Under the Integrated Primary Health Care of Ayushman Bharat scheme, we are going to provide preventive measures and treatment facilities to the citizens closer to their homes.
As we implement the Sendai Plan, let us welcome new opportunities for regional and international cooperation.
The Prime Minister encouraged the young officers to excel from the work experience they had gained while attached to various ministries as part of the programme.
He said that this is the embodiment of women empowerment in the country.
The Prime Minister assured that the Union Government would look into the delegation's request, adding that the development of Jammu and Kashmir was a top priority.
The test of your whole life will not be there.
We can imagine what the state of mind would be if the world were destroyed at such a young age.
Dear countrymen, Mann Ki Baat was praised and criticised.
A few days ago, I went to the Krishi Unnati Mela in Delhi.
Talking about the goals of balanced development in rural and urban areas, the Prime Minister said that the cooperative movement can play an important role in achieving these goals.
Friends, The poor and middle-class consumers have also benefited from controlling inflation.
This, the Prime Minister said, has led to a huge opportunity for women to earn extra income by reducing cooking time.
During the interaction with the Prime Minister, these officers briefed the Prime Minister on various aspects related to their mission, campaign preparedness, training, and experiences gained during the mission.
Today is the birth anniversary of Veer Savarkar.
- Training and exchange of medical doctors, officials, other health professionals and specialists.
It is the largest underground storage facility in the country.
The review meeting, which lasted for about two hours, was attended by senior officials from infrastructure-related ministries, NITI Aayog and the Prime Minister's Office.
This is the fourth annual summit between Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe.
He hoped that the feet of the medal winning athletes will continue to remain on the ground and they will not lose sight of the game in the heat of fame and praise.
Prime Minister Costa himself is a big fan of football.
On 26th January, we celebrated our Republic Day with joy and enthusiasm in every nook and corner of the country.
He said that every year, our armed forces conduct 10 major joint exercises with the armed forces of friendly countries.
Under this scheme, our fishermen brothers and sisters will get loans, subsidies and concessions.
The entire country, including Varanasi, is now witnessing this development and the vision of next-generation infrastructure can perhaps transform the means of communication.
New people were also trained to vote.
The country is governed by peace, goodwill and unity.
Last month, our space scientists set a unique record.
Our United Payments Interface System or UPI, BHIM app and RuPay card have shown the true potential of the digital economy in India.
I express my special gratitude to the administration, government and people of these five states for completing this task.
He referred to Dr. Ambedkar's view that political democracy should be transformed into social democracy.
This is going to help in the overall development of Bundelkhand division besides facilitating the movement of trains.
Referring to the spectacular progress made by Israel in the field of technology, the Prime Minister said that the country has a great tradition of valour and valour.
Interacting with the children, the Prime Minister informed them about the initiatives taken by the Union Government for infrastructure and connectivity in Jammu and Kashmir.
It is the world's largest healthcare programme offered by the government.
Most sectors of our economy are now open to foreign direct investment.
Value addition in tourism will happen only when we go as a student and try to understand their lives, not just as an interviewer.
He said that farmers and scientists must work together to transform the agriculture sector.
India is today the largest producer of milk in the world.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Afghanistan on Cooperation in the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space.
The size and scale of demand in India give investors the added benefit of the economy.
They say that the role of parents is very important in the examination.
Together, let us build an India that is free from terrorism and communalism.
School students also interacted with the Prime Minister about their research at the Atal Tinkering Lab.
Talking about the holistic transformation of the health sector, the Prime Minister said that the only solution is the government's vision.
The Prime Minister welcomed Russia's support for India's stance on cross-border terrorism.
Your Excellency, Prime Minister Mark Rutte,
There are currently some limits on how much money can be withdrawn from ATMs and banks for a few days.
Ambitious goals for performance enhancement
All these great men had toured India extensively.
I hope this will help us move forward.
All our players contributed their best and they played very well.
Would this have been possible if a new era of honesty had not begun in the country's economy?
The government aims to provide piped natural gas to 1 crore households in the next five years.
In the twenty-third meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed consumer grievance redressal.
Maharashtra, one of our largest states, has already taken a plan in this direction.
We appreciate your vision and leadership in taking the country out of the shambles and on the path to economic prosperity.
His unforgettable work and hard work for social reforms led to a major transformation in the lives of the underprivileged sections of the society.
Not just pictures of buildings, not just pictures of natural beauty, but you write some special things about the public life there.
The results of our efforts are visible in the form of economic growth and development.
I am happy to share that the State Government has declared 19th June as' Reading Day '.
BharatNet aims to provide last mile internet connectivity.
The Prime Minister said that apart from the National War Memorial, a National Police Memorial has also been constructed.
However, now 3000 small and big traders have got this facility due to the newly notified area.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister welcomed President Mirziyoyev and his delegation to Gujarat.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government has approved 100 per cent foreign direct investment in the health system.
Both countries are diverse democracies.
The two countries underlined the importance of enhancing cooperation in the aluminium sector.
The new Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to get out of your business.
Railways have been given top priority by my government to increase energy efficiency.
AIIB's investment in sustainable infrastructure will impact the lives of billions of people.
President Widodo thanked the Prime Minister for his sympathy and cooperation.
In the three years of this government, more than 22,000 MW of new renewable energy capacity was connected to the grid.
I commend the Election Commission for its continuous efforts to strengthen our democracy.
We have dissolved the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
Infrastructure creation was encouraged and the Government of India has implemented the Pradhan Mantri Kisan Sampada Yojana.
Brazil is also one of our important economic partners in Latin America.
He thanked the people of the area around the temple for allowing the government to acquire their land for the project.
He said that the effort to transform the tourism sector is a continuous effort.
A few months ago, a national strategy was formulated to build a strong infrastructure for AI research.
Sometimes it feels like we are not looking at the exam from the right perspective.
He has worked tirelessly for the development of Delhi, especially for better infrastructure.
This year's 2nd of October has another special significance.
He added that all those present here today are witness to the joy and happiness of the beneficiaries from the presentations made today.
Our Joint Statement on Maritime Cooperation sets out the scope of our commitment and policy in this area.
I wish to see a similar reading and library 'movement' all over the country.
I was once again able to celebrate Diwali with the brave security forces deployed on the border.
And the fast track arbitration is expected to get the same decision in six months.
I would like to share with you the positive outcomes of this budget session.
He said that work is being done to modernize the transport infrastructure.
The role of Chartered Accountants is going to be the most important on this historic occasion.
We have a strong, investment-oriented policy framework to promote domestic hydrocarbon production.
This provides a mechanism for capturing the added value of the land.
The Prime Minister said that "the government is constantly working to create a conducive environment for business in the country.
His father raises his family by dumping garbage.
6 labour laws and 3 environmental laws have been changed to allow young entrepreneurs to use only self-certification.
The sheer beauty of Cyprus and the diversity of Incredible India can be a source of tourism promotion in both countries.
They will not be spared.
Talking about the progress made in this direction, the Prime Minister said that more than 11 crore Soil Health Cards have been distributed so far.
This revolution has given a boost and energy to the rural economy and is helping to strengthen the Indian economy further.
He said that Lok Adalats can play an important role in disposing of pending cases in courts.
I pray for the speedy recovery of the injured.
As an experienced parliamentary worker, she enriched parliamentary work.
There is no dearth of talented players in the country.
The Prime Minister said that by coming to Noida, he had destroyed the superstition attached to it.
Ganesha is Vighnaharta.
Out of 300 researchers from 42 countries, 3 researchers represent India.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel worked to unify India.
I would like to thank and congratulate those of you who have already come to India.
As part of the same series, F.S.S.A.I is working to promote safe and healthy eating habits.
They are willing to sacrifice their lives, especially when it comes to tree protection, but they do not want any trees to be damaged.
These countries, which are very popular among entrepreneurs, are gaining popularity due to their ease of doing business.
In this regard, he mentioned India's digital infrastructure and Aadhaar, UPI, e-NAM, and GeM.
My personal meetings with Japan's leadership, government, industry, and Japanese citizens go back almost a decade now.
That is why I was surprised to learn that no Indian Prime Minister has ever paid a bilateral visit to Portugal.
On 15 August 2017, he hoisted the tricolour at Khardungla in Ladakh.
He will release a booklet on the achievements of the state government.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Finland on Environmental Cooperation.
Another important feature of the project is that about a thousand women and twenty-three third parties are being selected to work in the Kochi metro rail system.
I have always maintained that the 21st century is Asia's century.
The poison of communalism, the poison of communalism, can never do good to the country.
It will be Doordarshan's 24th channel.
In this competition, apart from 13 medals, we won three more medals in the mixed events.
To make life healthy, the first requirement is cleanliness!
My personal relationships with Japan's leaders, government, industry, and leaders go back almost a decade now.
He emphasized on women's empowerment and women's dignity.
Replying to a question on climate change, he reiterated India's value of conserving and nurturing nature.
He welcomed the various important decisions taken by the Union Government in the last three years, making special mention of demonetisation, the campaign against black money and the control of corruption.
This change led to two significant changes in Indian politics.
Responding to a question from the team working on creating rural digital entrepreneurs, the Prime Minister said that it is important to build an India where everyone has equal opportunities.
Following the review meeting, Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced financial assistance of ₹500 crore to Kerala.
Since last month, he has started broadcasting regional language translations of my Mann Ki Baat immediately after its completion.
The two leaders also discussed the importance of enhancing connectivity.
The Prime Minister said that India is home to many saints who serve the society and bring reforms.
"Greetings on World Environment Day.
The process of starting a new company can now be completed in a day.
The growth of healthcare facilities will create a large number of jobs.
Today, we are all connected.
It is with these thoughts that India has prepared for its defence.
He has proved through his experience that when the goal is fixed, there are firm resolutions, there is a will to achieve it, then it can be accomplished.
The two Prime Ministers committed to further strengthen the time-tested special relationship between India and Mauritius.
He will address the students at the Centenary Celebrations of Patna University.
More than 90% of FDI approvals are being granted through the automatic route.
In Gujarat, Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe will participate in the 12th India-Japan Annual Summit at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Myanmar on Land Boundary Crossing.
A few days ago, Neeraj ji, the beloved poet of our country, left us forever.
Agreement on Consultations between the Ministries of Foreign Affairs of India and Russia for the period 2019-2023
I welcome Brazilian companies to invest in India and forge long-term business partnerships.
In such a positive atmosphere, in the backdrop of a series of positive events, today we are celebrating the country's Independence Day.
Kochi Metro Rail Limited is a joint venture between the Government of India and the Government of Kerala.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
The first new Bhabhatron will be dedicated to the nation by the Prime Minister.
Including Monpa, Memba, Saratang, Sajolong (Mizi) instead of 'Momba' in serial number 9
This traditional calendar shows how old our relationship with natural and astronomical events is.
Plastic has become a source of pollution and a part of our food chain.
He inaugurated the 'Unity Wall'.
His gentle personality has always made every countryman proud.
Jan-Dhan Yojana completes three years today.
He added that his visit to the Cellular Jail and the place where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose hoisted the tricolour 75 years ago will always be remembered.
Bilateral relations between India and Russia are driven by a broad understanding on issues of mutual interest.
The government is committed to the path of fiscal consolidation.
Our parents still focus on studies.
India and Cyprus have a common goal of early reform of the United Nations Security Council.
We have taken an important step out of the shackles to make world-class universities in the field of education.
The decision is to enable doctors in the Central Health Services and other Ministries / Departments / Central Government Institutions to specialise in their domain of expertise in medical services after attaining the age of 62 years.
Our armed forces have always displayed unparalleled courage and valour.
Every athlete who has represented India at the Commonwealth Games 2018 has inspired us.
This will go a long way in enhancing the results, he added.
He noted that the youth of the country are working to take the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan to new heights.
This month of October is a month to remember many of our great men.
That is why we are also constantly working to improve the investment climate.
The Prime Minister said that he will also interact with the BRICS Business Council, which represents the industry of all five BRICS member countries.
Injustice in any way cannot be tolerated in any civilized society against the women power of the country.
I strongly condemn such violent incidents and pray for peace to all.
- Research and training of food industry operators.
He encouraged the jawans so that their routine tasks, duties would be facilitated and secured.
This will also increase mutual trust and trade.
But someone has to take such a decision for the sake of the country.
In the last few days, the best aspects of Atalji have come to the fore in the country.
The Prime Minister, along with thousands of volunteers, will perform yoga on the lawns of the Forest Research Institute in Dehradun, hidden in the lap of the Himalayas.
The funds will be used to provide and improve facilities such as electricity, water, sewerage, sanitation, and parks in these 33 cities.
My dear countrymen, it has been a unique experience for me to connect with all of you through the programme 'Mann Ki Baat'.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that we should think about how the research will benefit the farmers.
Due to our consistent efforts, India's ranking in Ease of Doing Business has improved.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Jharkhand, on their Statehood Day.
The examinations for Class X and XII, which are conducted by different examination boards across the country, will begin in the next few weeks.
I realise that the campaign against fake companies and black money is politically incorrect and harmful to the political party.
Hence, the gems and jewellery industry is a prime example of 'Make in India' and 'Skill India' initiatives.
Keeping this in mind, the central government has taken up the Sagarmala program.
Security insurance plans have made this coverage available to millions of people who need insurance coverage the most.
The Prime Minister said that defence cooperation is a key pillar of cooperation between India and Japan.
Through 'Make in India', we are providing a platform to global companies to manufacture in India and make better use of its manpower.
The Prime Minister took an in-depth review of the flood situation in Assam, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and Manipur during the day, in separate meetings.
Therefore, the government must ensure that every citizen of the country has access to affordable healthcare.
Friends, I and the government also feel that the scope of consumer protection is huge.
Our players played their best and with this strength, India became the champion of Asia Cup after ten years.
India has emerged as a bright spot in the global economy which is also driving global growth.
Even today, a Japanese colony has been declared.
He said that the government is making every effort to ensure that the devotees coming for the Ardh Kumbh Mela get the best facilities.
For India, he said, this is not just an industrial transformation but a social transformation.
Everyone associated with the health sector is working for the transformation of this sector.
In the World Bank's Ease of Doing Business Report 2018, India has jumped 42 places to be in the top 100 in three years.
Dear countrymen, 1st February 2017 marks the completion of forty years of the Indian Coast Guard.
Our government is striving to achieve development while preserving the environment and local culture.
Mentoring the occasion, the Prime Minister said that innovation is going to play an important role in bringing the people of both India and Israel closer to each other.
He assured that the Union Government is making every effort to develop the underdeveloped areas of the country.
Together, let us build an India where the youth and women have the opportunity to fulfil their dreams.
Describing GST as "Good and Simple Tax," the Prime Minister said that this good and easy tax will only benefit the people.
It has become the world's main growth engine.
The popularity of organizing all these festivals has increased with the passage of time, which shows that today's young generation is also very much attracted to the heroic heroes of our ancient traditions and histories.
In the digital sector, 2,187 mobile towers have been installed in Maoist-dominated districts this year.
His pure thoughts and ideals have had a great influence on the society.
Singapore is a key partner of India in areas such as urban development, planning, smart cities, and infrastructure development.
The Prime Minister said that a person with the view that not visiting a place prolongs the career of the Chief Minister and that visiting a place ends three times early has no right to continue as the Chief Minister.
Talking about the 2017-18, out of the total expenditure of 64 thousand crores, 55 percent of the expenditure i.e. approximately 35 thousand crores rupees have been spent on works like water conservation.
The central government is also insisting on the development of infrastructure in the state.
He added that the implementation of GST is a very difficult task and may be useful in handling further cases.
It is our responsibility to further increase the knowledge of the practice of yoga for a healthy and happy humanity.
He hoped that IIT Bhubaneswar will open the way for Odisha's industrial development and improve the quality of life of the people with the help of technology.
Operation Greens, announced in the recent budget, will benefit farmers in growing fruits and vegetables, especially tomatoes, onions and potatoes.
He visited the museum and exhibition, as well as the visitors' gallery.
Our communication has increased at all levels.
I congratulate Finance Minister Arun Jaitley ji for presenting a very excellent budget.
Thereafter, the Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of Amul Manufacturing Plant Expansion Project at Anand and Khatraj.
Atal ji has done a great job of bringing his beloved tricolor closer to the masses.
I congratulate Bilal Dar very much.
In 2016, a special Leprosy Diagnosis, Special Campaign was undertaken.
His hard work for the progress of Bihar is commendable.
India and Cyprus enjoy close economic relations.
The Prime Minister also met representatives of the Ceylon Workers' Congress and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
During the discussions, the Prime Minister also shared his thoughts on issues such as climate change and smart cities.
I will also call on President Sirisena, Prime Minister Wickremesinghe and other key dignitaries.
I urge you all to join this initiative.
Guru Gobind Singh, the tenth Guru of the Sikhs, has been a source of inspiration for many through his teachings and values.
They reaffirmed India's commitment to promoting and strengthening the bilateral strategic partnership with the United States.
Notably, the foundation stone of the institute was laid by the Prime Minister himself in April 2015.
One Thai Navy jawan lost his life in the entire operation of this relief operation.
Speaking in this regard, he spoke about the steps taken by the Union Government to reduce the prices of medicines as well as tubes, etc.
A hundred years ago today, in 1917, under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi, the Satyagraha scheme was first started in Champaran.
The MoU is of great importance in view of the cultural traditions of both the countries.
Welcoming the delegation, the Prime Minister said that the greatest strength of democracy is harmony and affection.
Somnath has over two million followers on social media.
He expressed confidence that a strong America is good for the world.
Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan and state government officials attended the review meeting with Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan and top officials of the state government.
For the first time since independence, the tricolour was hoisted at the Red Fort on the 75th foundation day of the Azad Hind Government.
A new medical college will be started for every three districts.
Under the Ayushman Bharat scheme, the government of India and insurance companies will contribute five lakh rupees in a year for the treatment of about 10 crore families, that is, about 50 crore citizens.
The Prime Minister shared the thoughts of writer Ramvriksh Benipuri and poet Sohanlal Dwivedi to describe the emotions of that time.
Remarkable progress has been made in rural areas under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
The Indian soldiers showed the world that they were no less than anyone when there was a war.
We have to take along the individual, we have to take along the individual, we have to take along every section of the society, and that is how we have to take the country forward.
Under this programme, about 1 crore new connections have been provided in just seven months.
Your contribution is appreciated in Sri Lanka and beyond.
How the whole atmosphere is filled with holy fragrance.
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that India would be able to take advantage of the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
The Prime Minister spoke of how the government is focusing on further enhancing the ease of doing business as well as the quality of life of its citizens.
He is the first Indian officer to travel the world in a small name without any modern technology.
The inauguration of these two cancer hospitals will make Varanasi a hub for providing quality treatment for cancer.
Lokmanya Tilak was like an ocean of courage and self-confidence.
Later, he also addressed a public meeting at Luwangsangbam.
The development projects inaugurated today are beneficial for the cooperative sector.
The strength and diversity of our relationship is reinforced by the convergence between our Act East Policy and the Republic of Korea's New Southern Policy.
I would like you to join in and show these things to children in particular.
Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia had even insisted on mass awareness to ensure better income, better irrigation facilities and life for our farmers, as well as to increase food and milk production.
These projects include the Western Dedicated Freight Corridor and the Chardham Highway Development Project.
Reading widens a person's thinking circles.
It is due to such efforts that we have jumped from 142 to 77 in the Ease of Doing Business rankings.
The fourth aspect is investing to assess global risks.
He then addressed a large gathering at the ceremony to dedicate the Kochi Metro to the nation.
All these will promote social, economic activities in the state and provide employment opportunities to the local people.
My dear countrymen, in our country, a flower named Neelakurinji blooms once in twelve years.
We have accelerated policy making in this area.
Our defence scientists have also done a proud job.
The manner in which affection, faith and condolences were being expressed for Atalji from all over the country showed his towering personality.
Dear countrymen, after the Diwali holiday, all of you must have come into everyday life with a new resolve, with a new resolve.
The Prime Minister then flagged off the "Run for Unity" from the Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium.
India has always been an inspiration to others in terms of intellectual ability and adventure.
Inflation remains within reach, despite the steady rise in the price of crude oil.
"On the special occasion of Statehood Day, my greetings to the people of Meghalaya.
Positive changes have always been welcomed in our country.
The agreement was signed in April 2017.
There is also a deep sense of social responsibility and ethical behaviour.
In Ahmedabad, Gujarat, a new world record was set by about 55,000 people performing yoga at the same time.
He said that this unique decision should benefit the general public and traders.
Brothers and sisters, Irrigation projects are going ahead.
Still, we deregulated the prices of petrol and diesel.
He reiterated the central government's commitment to the development of eastern India.
- To inform citizens about hygiene, food safety and nutritious eating habits.
Devote your service to the nation by developing relationships with the people around you.
The Prime Minister also recalled Bangladesh's felicitation of Indian soldiers in New Delhi last year.
The Special Notified Area at the India Diamond Board became operational in November 2015.
He taught cleanliness and service to the people from his car.
The Prime Minister said that medicines are available in Jan Aushadhi Kendras at 50 to 80 per cent less than the market price.
He expressed his gratitude for the welcome and hospitality extended by the Prime Minister of Israel, Benjamin Netanyahu.
India welcomed the decision to open the agency's office in the Far East in Mumbai.
He added that the government provides training, financial assistance, and opportunities to increase the movement of self-help groups.
A look at the world map shows that both India and South Africa are located in very important locations in the Indian Ocean.
The World Bank and the International Monetary Fund have assessed that this trend will continue.
He said projects worth more than Rs 12 lakh crore have been completed so far.
It was very sad to see the plight of the people affected by this earthquake.
I would like to know your thoughts on this current trajectory of the education system and its future. '
All of this will have an impact on energy demand.
He congratulated the people of Jammu and Kashmir for making the state open defecation free by September 2018.
The entire world knows the importance of supply chains in the armed forces.
The nation will never forget the sacrifices of the freedom fighters.
We are sanctioning loans up to Rs 1 crore in 59 minutes.
India can prosper only when it is clean, healthy.
There is a need to create an expert arbitral bar association in the country.
He expressed the desire of other countries of the world to follow India on the path of peace and stability.
The Centre will support all the steps taken by the state government.
The delegation interacted with the Prime Minister on issues such as women empowerment, women entrepreneurship, etc.
The two countries will cooperate in the following areas.
He congratulated and thanked all those who contributed to the construction of this statue.
Also, under the new law, petitions challenging the arbitral award must be disposed of by the court within one year.
The government has so far undertaken several initiatives to reform the sector.
Her calm approach to the game will definitely help the entire team.
He recalled his suggestion in 'Mann Ki Baat' in December 2017 to hold Abhirupa Parliaments in all the districts of the country.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister elaborated on the benefits of the Pradhan Mantri Shram Yogi Yojana.
The players called on the Prime Minister at Parliament House in New Delhi.
It will not be possible if a family consistently demoralizes its own child and expects the child to be well respected in the area.
The timing of the award ceremony will be decided later.
Action against corruption
The Prime Minister has also extended his best wishes to the people of Andhra Pradesh.
In our country, there is a natural respect for the army, for the security forces.
Toilet building has now become a social, economic empowerment and women's empowerment movement.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that India is a strong proponent of a multi-layered trading system.
We have excellent political and community relations with every member state of ASEAN.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today approved measures to promote the hydropower sector.
The expectation of the country at this time, the feeling of doing something, is natural.
33 Both countries expressed interest in developing mutually beneficial cooperation in the field of joint scientific research, including in the Arctic and other areas.
That is why Swami Vivekananda says, "Expansion is life and contraction is death."
By the way, Uttarakhand has been a major center of yoga practice for many decades.
He added that once the new laws are in place, the old ones will be examined and the unwanted ones will be removed.
He requested the senior officers of the Central Government to review the progress every week.
It is believed that his inspiration was his sister Nivedita.
He will unveil a plaque to mark the laying of foundation stone of Railway Bogie Factory, Sonepat.
The brand Amul is known worldwide and has been an inspiration.
Prime Minister Modi announced an ex-gratia of Rs 2 lakh each to the next of the kin of those killed and Rs 50,000 each to those seriously injured in the floods from the Prime Minister's Relief Fund.
Even though India did not win the trophy, the Indian players won everyone's hearts.
He continued to inspire 125 countrymen to achieve this goal.
Our bilateral defence cooperation is based on strong mutual trust.
If humans do not nurture nature, nature manifests itself in the form of climate change.
Preparation for Security Dialogue to prepare a comprehensive action plan for security cooperation
The Jan-Dhan Yojana is a historic step in bringing the poor, downtrodden into the main financial stream of the country.
We too will have a series of such inspiring events around us.
This figure is expected to double in the next ten years.
"Bhupen Hazarika's songs and music have been entertaining audiences for generations.
Several events are being organised across the country to mark the 150th birth anniversary year of Mahatma Gandhi.
These projects are in progress in Maharashtra, Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh, Odisha, Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.
He instructed NITI Aayog to follow up with the states on various issues over the next 3 months.
Captain Mithali Raj is leading the team well.
We have taken a number of decisive steps and put in place governance systems that will help India realise its potential.
The Prime Minister said that the government is also looking at ensuring that adequate agricultural credit is available.
His visionary policies in diverse fields reshaped the lives of every Indian citizen.
Yoga is becoming a strong pillar for a disciplined and growth-oriented life.
Along with this, she is also doing a skill development course.
Once during a hockey match in Kolkata, a rival player hit Dhyan Chand ji on the head with a hockey stick.
May the Lord give them the strength to endure this never-ending suffering.
The central government had decided to celebrate 7 March 2019 as' Jan Aushadhi Diwas' across the country to create awareness and promote the use of generic medicines.
We are looking at various strategies for effective waste management.
He said that dynamic change is needed to radically change the system.
The National War Memorial consists of a central pillar, the Akshaya Jyoti, and 6 bronze paintings depicting famous battles fought by the Indian Army, Air Force, and Navy.
There will be discussions as per the government's thinking and I think there will be a very good discussion in this session.
Our bilateral trade is more than $10 billion.
With this, you can easily visit Varanasi and seek the blessings of Lord Shiva.
Seeing that will turn your frustration into trust.
The proposed development MoU of a fertilizer plant in Malaysia and the import of surplus urea from Malaysia into India is a welcome development.
I will also address the Indian community in Indonesia.
They have a unique ability and vision.
The Prime Minister stressed the need for institutional arrangements for excellence in sports.
Appreciating the various social initiatives of the Dawoodi Bohra community, the Prime Minister said that various efforts are made to improve the quality of life of the poor and needy citizens.
The Prime Minister congratulated Dhanwantari on his birth anniversary being celebrated as Ayurveda Day.
The Prime Minister has emphasized on innovation and technology for the progress and development of the country.
At that time, the national flags of several countries were hoisted there at the same time.
Millions of people also take a dip in the holy rivers on Makar Sankranti.
People informed him about the hardships caused by the cyclone.
He also raised his voice against the evils of society, the Prime Minister said.
However, rain is expected.
Most of the countries of the world made this opportunity of yoga theirs.
And in the last two years, in 2014 and 2016, we have brought 90,000 Indians home safely from 54 countries.
The Prime Minister expressed happiness at the large number of Japanese companies operating in India.
That is, a system is being created to connect agriculture to any market in the country.
The Japan Plus system has also helped in the process of cooperation.
Honey is a gift from nature to humans.
The Prime Minister recalled his successful visit to the United States in June this year.
You're playing your best game today.
Solar energy is now becoming popular in India, Modi added.
In August 2016, stricter regulations restricting benami transactions were introduced.
Both these places are visited by a very large number of devotees every year.
He was accorded a warm welcome by the President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, Dr. Mohammad Ashraf Ghani during his visit to India on 14 and 15 September.
We have set a target of generating 175 GW of renewable energy capacity by 2022.
Then in 1945, when the freedom struggle gained momentum, he prepared a revised copy of these ideas.
"Strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
Today, I will also have the opportunity to meet people of Indian origin living in the Netherlands.
The last two decades have seen many positive changes in Gujarat's development journey.
Various events related to yoga have been organized all over the world on this occasion.
He said that from the point of view of equitable development of the country, the government is trying to bring the relatively backward North East India on an equal footing.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Italy on cooperation in the field of Renewable Energy.
Mothers in remote parts of Karnataka used to help sisters in that delivery.
In rural areas, 90 per cent of the road connectivity has been completed.
The people of our two countries have a very warm and growing relationship with each other.
In fact, it has become the third largest source of foreign direct investment in the last three years.
We don't want to spend 10 years just discussing and exchanging ideas when no concrete decisions are being made.
It was during his tenure that the time for presenting the country's budget in the House was changed.
It is in this session that the country gets an opportunity to elect a new President and Vice President.
He praised the Ministry of AYUSH for setting up the All India Institute of Ayurveda.
- Procurement of health equipment and pharmaceutical products.
"We are very proud of our youth.
It was reported that the Advanced Pharma Company has set up a pharmaceutical plant in Russia.
This has been possible due to the cooperation of the central government and all the states as well as political parties.
It is estimated that the tunnel will save fuel worth ₹27 lakh per day.
They have lost their lives while serving the nation.
Interacting with beneficiaries and shopkeepers from over 5000 locations, the Prime Minister said that the government has taken two major steps to ensure that high-quality medicines are available at affordable prices.
Many such great opportunities await you.
The independence of the judiciary is a core concept of the Constitution of India.
The Prime Minister added that he used to be one of the finest orators our nation has produced.
Such diseases are nowadays known as lifestyle disorders.
Design mechanisms for dialogue, exchange of best practices, new initiatives for capacity building, and joint missions can be undertaken with mutual interest in mind.
He said India is currently ranked third in the World Travel & Tourism Council's 2018 report.
He said that the campaign launched by the Central Government against black money was a very bold step.
Security and defence cooperation has provided a new dimension to our relations.
This will facilitate film-loving students from the northeastern states.
The work will be completed within a period of 36 months.
It is because of their unparalleled valour and patriotism that our country is safe.
The Prime Minister recalled his meeting with him in May 2018.
Bangladesh Bhawan is a symbol of the cultural bonds between India and Bangladesh, the Prime Minister said at the inauguration of Bangladesh Bhawan.
The first phase of the Madhepura Electric Locomotive Plant was dedicated to the nation by the Prime Minister on the occasion.
The game is played in almost every state.
He worked to keep the people united by awakening national consciousness.
Even after the advent of new technology, the trust in the postman has remained intact.
When building these facilities, we should take care to build them based on the best standards that have been set globally to protect against disasters.
They will attend demonstrations regarding the generation of beneficiary identity cards and e-cards.
The programme is now being counted among the best globally.
The AIIB commenced financial operations in January 2016.
He said that technology is useful only if it benefits the common man.
Together, let us build an India where corruption has no place.
Several Union Ministers and other dignitaries were present on the occasion.
I was informed that in the last two years, Rs. 1.2 crore has been given to the Pani Tax Foundation.
We are also happy to share India's holistic health traditions like Yoga and Ayurveda.
The Prime Minister said that this scheme will provide the best quality health facilities to the poor.
He said Adi Shankaracharya united India through the Vedas and the Upanishads.
The Prime Minister appreciated the progress in defence technology cooperation between the two countries.
He explained that government schemes and initiatives are aimed at empowering the poor against poverty.
It's a good start.
Our sportspersons have brought laurels to the country in various fields.
The amount of money deposited by Indians in Swiss banks has fallen to an all-time low.
The Indian story of economic revival reflects much of Asia.
These experiences will enrich your life.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that banking services through India Post Payments Bank will reach every corner of the country.
If the world is to develop as a whole, there must be cooperative relations between producers and consumers.
In a message on Twitter, the Prime Minister said that the Union Government has assured all possible support to the Government of Bihar in containing the flood situation and the situation is being closely monitored.
I hope that India's success at the Commonwealth Games 2018 will attract more youth to the sport and create greater awareness about staying healthy.
He hoped that the government will soon meet the target of 100% rural road connectivity.
They shared their views on the long-standing historical and maritime ties between the two countries.
The Prime Minister responded very politely, sowing humour, giving examples.
Through his articles and conferences, he assisted Basu in his research and promotion.
His indomitable courage is our source of inspiration.
36 industries have been exempted from the condition of giving environmental 'no objection certificate'.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on the occasion of Durga Ashtami.
This is the third official visit of the Prime Minister to Kollam.
The freedom struggle is more and more connected to our emotions.
He expressed confidence that everyone will work together to complete the project at the earliest.
The elders of the family should also try to play with the children as much as possible.
In 2016, we recorded one of the highest growth rates in the Eurozone.
Maternal, child, and newborn health.
He said India is today the fastest growing economy.
Friends, The stronger the emotional bonds between us, the more our cultural and trade heritage will be enriched for the future.
Prime Minister Modi thanked the people of Kashi for the warm welcome accorded to French President Emmanuel Macron.
India will make a substantial contribution to this, he added.
These measures have also increased the efficiency of energy use.
It will participate in events in Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Modasa, and Gandhinagar.
Low labour rates, large domestic markets, and micro-economic stability have made India an investment destination.
Many congratulations to daughter Shivangi as well.
These saints gave the mantra of giving strength to the society to fight against superstition.
Once again, my best wishes to all.
On the 71st Independence Day, Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort today.
He said that on one hand, the government is building infrastructure like highways, railways and on the other hand, the government is taking care that the fruits of development reach everyone.
For example, if a local fire service visited a school in the area every week, it could raise awareness among thousands of children in a year.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, on Wednesday interacted with a group of about 80 Additional Secretaries and Joint Secretaries serving in the Union Government.
The Prime Minister remarked that the Mumbai-Ahmedabad corridor is developing a new economy and the entire region will become a single economic zone.
Yoga is enriching life in every situation, be it the Himalayas at thousands of feet or the deserts with abundant sunlight.
Recognized trade associations will therefore be responsible for maintaining industrial harmony.
They called on all countries to implement United Nations Security Council Resolution 1267 and other resolutions related to terrorism.
If the children in your family are interested in sports, they should be given a chance.
You can also be a big, important partner in promoting the country's tourism by using this period from October to March.
"Tributes to Mahatma Phule on his birth anniversary.
Nowadays, the Rath Yatra of Lord Jagannath is also celebrated in some parts of the world.
I discussed the flood situation with senior officials in Delhi and other states, including Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu.
This makes it clear that international bilateral cooperation is not limited to national capitals but has reached state capitals as well.
The play showed us how India and the ASEAN nations are historically interconnected.
The central government is closely monitoring the flood situation in Kerala.
The people-to-people contacts and exchanges between our two countries are a strong foundation of our friendship.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do everything possible to provide adequate water to farmers.
What was the focal point of all these great men?
He is likely to unveil a plaque to mark the launch of facilities being set up for visitors there.
May the blessings of the mighty Himalayas always be upon you.
Praising the efforts of NRIs, especially the Saurashtra Patel community, the Prime Minister said that NRIs have always done India proud.
He said that if more than this number of days of employment is required, a provision for extension of a few days can be played when the states so request.
It was highlighted that India's economic development programmes, including the Goods and Services Tax, are commendable.
Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojana has a dream of providing water to every farm.
He said the system is working to ensure that the Kumbh Mela showcases India's glorious history and bright future.
That is why yoga is being adopted more and more rapidly all over the world.
When we go deep into the adventure of these heroes, their valour, their valour, we feel surprised, proud and inspired.
He said the central government will pay the same amount as the beneficiary's contribution.
You must be aware of the administrative and financial steps the government has to take to build highways.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that this honour truly belongs to the people of India.
May the practice of yoga benefit everyone and everyone.
A new terminal for commercial operations under the UDAN scheme has been constructed at the airport.
He added that sports helps in personality development, self-confidence and overall development.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that he is not ready to believe that Atalji will be no more with us.
It was Veer Savarkar who fearlessly wrote that what happened in 1857 was not a rebellion but the first war of independence.
The Supreme Court's ban on jallikattu was also discussed.
Both countries stressed that the primary challenges are rapid and environmentally sustainable economic development in large parts of the world, poverty eradication, addressing inequalities between countries, and providing primary health care.
India and Germany signed 12 agreements.
According to UNCTAD's Global Investment Reports, India is one of the top FDI destinations in the world.
Stability and transparent regulation define the way to do business in India.
Three years ago, you gave me the responsibility of your principal servant.
Heartiest congratulations to the Indian Junior Hockey Team for winning the Junior Hockey World Cup.
Thousands of children took pictures.
To impart training in the administration and management of health services and hospitals.
It is considered to be the time of worship of Vidya.
He also said that the university should take the initiative for the holistic development of these 100 villages.
You celebrate Indian festivals with your understanding.
The Prime Minister said India will celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi from 2nd October.
As a solution to this problem, Swachh Iconic Places have now been included in the Swachh Bharat Mission.
Our domestic market today is fragmented.
The construction work of IITs, IIMs, AIIMS is going on at a rapid pace.
Respected Sir and I discussed ways to give a strategic direction to our energy relations through specific projects and proposals.
Today, India is the fastest growing large economy in the world.
You have imbibed and adopted our culture.
And, to shape our partnership and relationship in a way that promotes the progress of the Indian and Sri Lankan people and leaves an impact on your lives.
Work started three years ago and the first phase has been completed.
The government has asked those involved in the matter to focus on restoring the banking system.
He highlighted the various benefits that come from the health and tourism sectors.
I promise to take the country to a new stage of development in the coming year with the steps taken by the government.
Therefore, at present, we have achieved the position of an integrated economy at the global level.
Earlier, the Ministry of Home Affairs has announced an assistance of ₹100 crore to Kerala on 12 August 2018.
The people of Meghalaya have contributed significantly to the development of our country.
Prime Minister Modi emphasized that the benefits of this scheme should reach the poorest of the poor and the truly needy in the society.
He said India is doing remarkable work in the start-up sector because of the skills of its youth.
The AMRUT campaign also covers 33 cities in Tamil Nadu.
Many best wishes and blessings to Hanaya.
Immediately after Diwali, our country has witnessed the yajna of historical purity.
The whole world is looking to India and the practice of yoga for a permanent and sustainable solution to these problems.
The mission will provide preventive, promotive, rehabilitative services.
He urged the members to create awareness in the society about their rights.
He reviewed the Smart Cities Mission.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister presented certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
Prime Minister Modi reiterated the EU's relevance and importance to global stability.
The Prime Minister said that it is the responsibility of all of us to protect the earth.
He said that sanitation is largely the main component of preventive healthcare.
The Prime Minister said that the leaders of the two countries discussed combating terrorism and radicalisation.
The Prime Minister also interacted with the beneficiaries of Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana and National Rural Livelihoods Mission.
To those who want to explore more, I would like to assure you that we are committed to furthering our policies and processes that will accelerate Make in India.
We also decided to send 100 youths to each other's country every year for science-related educational activities.
The Prime Minister will focus on programmes related to sanitation and renewable energy, coinciding with Gandhi Jayanti, and pay tributes to Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat on 2 October.
Many congratulations to this hockey team and all the members of their team from the countrymen!
Knowing this, India will be an important partner for Brazil.
The gems and jewellery industry employs 46 lakh people.
The Prime Minister has said that the eradication of leprosy from the country under the National Leprosy Eradication Programme is a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi's vision.
Our partnership will certainly address the issues of ending terrorism, organised crime, pears and human trafficking.
Along with Kathmandu, I look forward to visiting Janakpur and Muktinath during this visit.
Every Indian is still proud that these three heroes were born in our country.
Congratulations to ISRO on the successful launch of GSAT-11, the heaviest, largest and most advanced satellite.
The Japanese have led the world in continuous development work.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the people of Gujarat and the Government of Gujarat will overcome this challenge of floods successfully, and this situation will make them stronger.
Apart from this, 24 murals depicting the historic Dandi March have been installed in the memorial.
The progress of the National Optical Fibre Network was also reviewed.
He said that the next step in this cleanliness movement is the conversion of waste into wealth.
59. Both countries reaffirmed their commitment to strengthen the global nuclear non-proliferation regime.
We are constantly trying to simplify the process for small entrepreneurs.
Insurance companies have been advised to pay the insurance claim amount of the citizens affected by Cyclone Ockhi immediately.
The decision will benefit the majority of taxpayers in the country.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister interacted with college students from different parts of the country.
Their steadfastness in the face of adversity and in the face of colonialism will never be forgotten.
He highlighted the fact that the project had received final approval in January 2015 and today the project has been completed.
We will be hosting a Global Mobility Summit this year.
Reviewing the coal sector, the Prime Minister called for renewed efforts towards underground mining and coal gasification through state-of-the-art technology.
One teacher asked him what advice to give to parents who have unrealistic expectations of their children and are burdened with stress themselves.
I will also address a public meeting in Nagpur.
You have a mediating role between the government and taxpayers and companies.
IPPB will have savings account, current account, money transfer, direct benefit transfer, bill and utility payments, enterprise and merchant payments.
It contains verses from the original Bhagavad-gi ̄ ta ̄ with commentary.
The events launched today will give you an idea of the strong ties between the two countries.
The Prime Minister said 1.5 lakh health and wellness centres are being set up under Ayushman Bharat.
In India, we are improving connectivity at all levels.
The central government has assured all possible help to the Bihar government to bring the flood situation under control.
Modi said he was told that Baba Qarib, an Indian Sufi saint, came to Jerusalem in the 13th century and meditated in a cave there.
I congratulate the crores of people, especially the poor, who have benefited from this scheme.
Initiatives like GST and strict action against corruption have made people start doing business honestly.
Today, initiatives like "Mudra Yojana," "Start-up India," "Stand-up India" are creating young researchers and young entrepreneurs in the country.
Who does not know the spirit of courage, the spirit of adventure?
Spiritual institutions in India have served as centres for the spread of social reform.
Her success is especially appreciated because Ekta made the challenges before her the medium of success.
The MoU will help NIPAM, Namibia to provide hands-on experience in running higher civil service training institutes.
The Prime Minister said that various schemes of the government like Swachh Bharat have given a boost to tourism in the country.
I am happy that for the first time, ownership of the land on which the houses were built is being given to the beneficiaries.
"Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas" can be a guiding light for action and cooperation in South Asia.
The Prime Minister called for a war footing on water conservation and water management.
This is especially imperative to ensure freedom, peace and justice for the oppressed, the marginalised.
The girls here are today sewing simple clothes and festive wear along with the clothes of themselves and their families.
India and Russia resolved to cooperate to meet the objectives in this regard.
Prime Minister Dr. Abdul Momen briefed the Prime Minister on the recent developments in bilateral relations.
We salute the valour of the Indian Army and their invaluable service.
The Prime Minister said that the postman has always been a man of honour for Indians, and rural citizens have had a strong faith in him.
These and other changes have come to the notice of the global community.
Chief of the Naval Staff Admiral Sunil Lanba was present on the occasion.
He expressed confidence that the Ardh Kumbh Mela would enable devotees to witness the confluence of tradition and modernity in New India.
He was committed to the elimination of inequality and injustice in society.
My Government's initiative will shape a better partnership between the industry and the business world of the two countries.
In modern life, people are often drawn to tobacco, alcohol, and even drugs in search of relief from stress.
The Prime Minister assured him of India's full and constructive support in fulfilling his new responsibilities.
In two and a half years, more than 1.25 lakh crore black money has come to light.
On 8 October, we celebrate Air Force Day.
My heart is filled with memories of my association with M. Venkaiah Naidu in the party and in the government.
A selection of these letters were printed.
BHIM stands for Bharat Interface for Money.
This was one of the feats of our soldiers towards peace.
Regular practice of yogasanas affects a family's regular medical expenses and reduces these costs.
I have also presented this vision to President Xi and Premier Li of China.
We have removed bottlenecks and significantly improved the average rate of implementation in these areas.
Several Union Ministers related to economic issues attended the meeting.
Agreement on Law and Justice in Civil and Commercial Matters
President Temer has made it a priority to innovate Brazil's local, economic agenda.
Our common goal is to build a relationship that reflects the priorities of both countries and the strong bonds between our citizens.
The MoU was signed on 25th September 2018.
Several important bills have been passed in this session which can benefit the youth and backward communities.
No new funding has been approved for this.
Respected Sir, I have fresh memories of our meetings in August 2015 and last year in Brewery.
The central government is providing all kinds of assistance to Kerala to get out of this terrible flood situation.
Atalji was a loyal patriot.
The Prime Minister said that positive news holds special significance for building a prosperous and progressive nation.
I am happy to visit this great country once again.
Today, the President and I discussed in detail.
He offered prayers at the Sree Padmanabha Swamy temple.
The Prime Minister appreciated the cultural significance of Jallikattu, but said that the matter is currently sub judice.
He also hoped that teachers will digitally transform our schools and campuses.
The Prime Minister was warmly received upon his arrival by the students of the primary school in Narur village.
We have a special focus on increasing investment in cutting-edge infrastructure, including roads, ports, railways, airports, telecommunications, digital networks, and the energy sector.
This will ensure a growing energy market for them.
First of all, on behalf of the House and on my own behalf, I heartily congratulate the newly elected Deputy Speaker Harivanshji.
India's recent investments in the diamond manufacturing sector in the Russian Far East were noted.
It has been found to be affected by this stressful mood from a very early age.
Modi appreciated Prime Minister Abe for launching the project in a very short span of time.
On the eve of International Yoga Day, the Prime Minister has shared details of various yogasanas on social media.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to the Father of the Nation, Mahatma Gandhi and former Prime Minister, Lal Bahadur Shastri on their birth anniversaries.
We are also working together on UN Security Council reforms.
Cyprus has also responded favourably to the friendship.
He said that new AIIMS are being set up so that the poor have easy access to healthcare.
He noted that several announcements have been made in the budget in this regard.
However, we know that we have restricted our democracy to the ballot paper.
The Prime Minister said that a nation that forgets its heritage forgets its identity.
After a disaster, disaster relief aid begins to flow from all corners of the world.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to a bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka.
For salt, bottled water, and tap water, plastic with a very small disintegrating factor is also used.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister made a special mention of Sardar Patel's contribution, especially in keeping the country united.
The size and growth of the Indian market is very strong.
He said that he is committed to providing affordable healthcare to the poor and middle class.
Don't you think that the movement of honesty needs to be strengthened further in the interest of the country?
Grandparents, parents, son and daughter - all three generations should perform yoga together and upload photos of it.
I am confident that Tamil Nadu will not lag behind other states in this competition and will take the lead.
The world is committed to a climate change programme based on the COP-21 agreement.
After hockey, there is good news in badminton as well.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the centenary celebrations of Patna University.
However, in the House, the umpires are often more disturbed than the players.
The benefits of India's success are available to our partners.
The recently launched Ayushman Bharat scheme is going to transform the health sector.
Young players should inspire the younger generation in our schools and villages to play.
Come on, let's take this same positivity forward.
Secondly, a series of Jan Aushadhi Kendras were started all over the country.
We will work towards a high level of military-to-military cooperation.
Jasmer Singh would leave for work every morning before Rajni and her siblings woke up.
Secretary Carter briefed the Prime Minister on the implementation of the decisions taken in June this year.
They agreed to work towards building a broad foundation for the future relationship through an established framework.
In this regard, he has also met and discussed with the High Commissioner of India to Sri Lanka this morning.
He saw the importance of youth power in nation-building.
The Prime Minister said "Today is the birth anniversary of Shyamji Krishna Varma.
The establishment of a Joint Working Group on Counter-Terrorism by India and Morocco will provide assistance in cases related to terrorist attacks.
With this mutual and global goal in mind, I thank Prime Minister Abe and Japan for being a worthy partner.
He also made it clear that the authorities should set a target to improve the country's tax administration by 2022, the 75th anniversary of independence.
Gujarat has contributed significantly to the history of the country, especially in the freedom movement.
In November last year, India hosted the first South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
It will take a lot of effort to popularize this reading day on a large scale.
Not only are women strong, but they are also becoming armed now.
The Prime Minister also emphasised the shared values between India and Japan.
He launched 104 satellites into space in a single launch vehicle.
Today, we have many ministers from African countries present here with us.
Now it is the festival of Eid.
The Prime Minister said that both Intellectual Index and Emotional Index are important in a student's life.
Sixteen-year-old Shivangi Pathak thus became the youngest Indian woman to climb Everest on the Nepalese side.
India's developmental needs are enormous.
Food processing is an integral part of this Indian way of life.
November 26 is our Constitution Day.
Today, I am proud to say that it is due to collective efforts that the 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' has been successful.
So far, 5 crore women belonging to 45 lakh self-help groups have been provided employment opportunities under this mission.
We are proud to host the celebration of World Environment Day, 2018.
He added that India Post Payments Bank is the next step in this area.
He mentioned Chanakya's statement that with hard work, all obstacles can be overcome and even a very difficult goal can be achieved.
He said the new format of the conference has significantly changed the quality of discussions.
He said that about 17,000 villages have recently achieved this target.
Both sides agreed to explore joint opportunities in forest production, including precious metals, minerals, natural resources, timber, through joint investments, manufacturing, processing, and skilled labour.
We have embarked on an ambitious roadmap of engagement to make our comprehensive partnership purposeful and actionable.
The financial assistance announced by the Prime Minister today is in addition to the Rs 280 crore given to Tamil Nadu and Rs 76 crore to Kerala earlier this month after Cyclone Ockhi hit.
To make the motto of 'Sabka Saath, Sabka Vikas' a reality in the lives of all of us, the government has come up with schemes for 125 crore citizens on New Year's Eve.
Soares was the architect who established political relations between Portugal and India.
Apart from this, five teams of BSF, CISF and RAF are also deployed for relief and rescue operations.
You must have heard a lot about the Kumbh Mela.
As part of this network, various universities will be able to focus on multisectoral research on the issues of disasters most associated with them.
Due to their efforts, the Indian passport is respected everywhere, he added.
64. Both sides noted that the participation of Prime Minister Narendra Modi of India in the SCO Heads of State Meeting held in Qingdao in June 2018 demonstrates India's successful participation in the functioning of the organization as a full-fledged member.
He said that these medal winners have raised India's prestige and prestige with their sport.
We seek peace and prosperity for all.
He was studying constitutional, taxation and company matters in the Gauhati High Court.
Appreciating the scientific skills of the school children, the Prime Minister encouraged them to continue in this way.
He urged the NRI community to encourage at least five foreign families to visit India every year.
India is setting records not only in sports but also in areas that were never thought of.
The two leaders agreed to jointly contribute positively and substantially towards sustainable solutions to global challenges such as climate change, sustainable development, food security, etc.
He expressed confidence that the Ayushman Bharat scheme will lead to a healthy India.
We are determined to build an India where there is no place for terrorism and communalism.
Through these food parks, we aim to connect the agro-processing industry with major manufacturing hubs.
In this regard, he mentioned the issues of doubling farmers' income, development of aspirational districts, Ayushman Bharat, Indradhanush Abhiyan, Poshan Abhiyaan, and preparations for the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The two leaders stressed the importance of enhancing security and defence cooperation between the two countries as strategic partners and maritime neighbours.
He has given priority to every drop of water.
First of all, all areas in the development process must comply with all disaster risk management regulations.
He also said that he himself visited North East India 25 times in the next four years.
He dedicated his life to alleviating suffering and injustice in the society.
He said this constructive environment should be used to fast-track the creation of a New India.
We have over 300 million middle-class customers.
The Prime Minister thanked the Government and people of Madhya Pradesh for taking out the Narmada Seva Yatra.
My best wishes to everyone on this auspicious occasion of Ram Navami!
We have a mindset that it should be a matter of life and death.
This Bhagiratha effort of cleanliness is a wonderful example of beauty, teamwork and consistency.
He said the Goods and Services Tax is an example of a cooperative federal structure.
Adi Shankaracharya imbibed the best practices in various schools of thought and thought.
I consider it an honour to welcome such a friend and a supporter of India.
First, the price of 850 essential medicines was regulated and the price of heart stents as well as knee surgery equipment was reduced.
They will give certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
Both sides reiterated that India and Russia have brought in cultural scholarship to meet the challenges of modern times despite having a multi-cultural, multi-lingual and multi-religious society.
He said that the Quit India Movement, which began in 1942, was a decisive fight.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated all those who worked hard to make this memorial a reality.
His significant contribution to the freedom struggle will always be remembered.
That is why the Indian Ocean has a special place in the government's policy, the Prime Minister said.
Varanasi is one of the select cities in the country where piped cooking gas is supplied.
This holy land has unusual magnetic energy, vibrations, and unusual vitality.
But if something comes up outside of those specific points, specific questions that you've chosen, the math of the scores goes horribly wrong.
The French Defence Minister briefed Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the current status of bilateral defence cooperation.
According to the International Settlement Bank, among major economies, the Indian economy will be least affected by banking sector crises.
The situation is being closely monitored.
The name of the selected bank will be on the Kochi Metro ticket rate card as well as the name of the bank on the app.
The Prime Minister called for focused and more hard work to achieve the goal of winning a medal in the upcoming Olympic Games.
Xi and I will exchange views on a range of issues of bilateral and global importance.
A delegation led by Commerce and Industry Minister Suresh Prabhu participated in the Eastern Economic Forum held in Vladivostok in September 2018.
These Gramin Dak Sevaks will be made financial service assistants by providing them with smart phones and digital devices.
But the expected effects of law reforms can be seen only when an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism is in place.
The Prime Minister also stressed the importance of Farmer Producer Organizations.
In just 100 days, seven lakh poor people have benefited from this scheme.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the redeveloped Tezu Airport in Arunachal Pradesh.
We salute the will and determination of all individuals and organisations who strive to protect the environment.
The recently exchanged agreement has institutionalized this MoU.
Let us join hands more vigorously and closely.
That is why the use of new technologies in the construction of houses can be beneficial if tried in India.
The entire nation stands firmly with the families of the deceased.
The Prime Minister said that more people are paying taxes than ever before because they believe that their money is being used properly and for the welfare of the people.
The Prime Minister also talked about the joint production of defence equipment and the production of Kamav 226 helicopters.
Through Tejas aircraft, we are making the world realise our importance.
To address this, we are implementing the Goods and Services Tax Act to create an integrated national market.
The exhibition will showcase more than 100 devices and experiments that make rural life easier.
We all must have celebrated Diwali with a lot of enthusiasm.
The Prime Minister said that these facilities will increase the flow of tourists.
Bilal Dar is young but has become an inspiration to everyone who loves cleanliness.
The unique festival of Chhath Puja is fully associated with nature and the worship of nature.
Along with Savarkar, the heroes of London's India House celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of this freedom struggle with gaiety.
• Creation of a top post for CGCA
The Goods and Services Tax system will continue to lead to smoother, more transparent, and modern tax management that will be useful in curbing corruption.
India will always be in full support of the ongoing efforts in this direction.
Similarly, Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore's teachings are equally important for Bangladesh and India, he added.
The visible effects of our policies are now visible.
The Prime Minister will also lay the foundation stone of a road to be constructed under the Central Road Fund.
We are gathered here today to work on the belief that we, as human beings, can do much for this earth.
No matter what the business is, its goal should be to satisfy the customer.
He highlighted the importance of cleaning the Ganges.
the foreground
Specific types of management have to be designed and implemented at the local level.
But still I was inspired by the courage, unusual attitude and determination shown by these people to come out of the disaster.
Brothers and sisters, Similarly, some farmers from the hilly areas of Uttarakhand have become a source of inspiration for farmers across the country.
Both countries want to strengthen their strategic partnership.
Yet, even today, knowledge is our best guide.
On this occasion, it was also announced to start a Chair in the name of 'Paika' in Utkal University, Bhubaneswar.
We will support them.
Public Ganesh Utsav along with traditional faith and devotion had become an effective medium of social awareness, collective work, creating a sense of harmony and equality among the people.
Industries want a guarantee of legal protection in the Indian market.
Every moment we get some or the other instruction from the saint, sage-sage.
My dear countrymen, in Mann Ki Baat, we talk about individuals and institutions who have done something unique for the society.
This also reduces their productivity.
It's a huge psychological battle.
